who is q wheres the server dump nike dec las fisa democrats support antifa, muslim brotherhood, ms13, isis, pedophilia, child trafficking, taxpayer funded abortion’s, election fraud, sedition and treason!!! lock them all up wwg1wga q a non ⁦@user url	OFF
constitution day is revered by conservatives, hated by progressives / socialist / democrats that want to change it.	NOT
foxnews nra maga potus trump 2nd amendment rnc usmc veterans @user    @user @user @user @user   fake reporting the swamp dnc liberals @user @user fake outrage @user  first, it reduces the ca url	NOT
watching boomer getting the news that she is still up for parole always makes me smile. wentworth finale...@user is such a treasure. url	NOT
no pasaran: unity demo to oppose the far-right in london – antifa oct13 — enough is enough! url	OFF
. . . what the fuck did he do this time?	OFF
rap is a form of art! used to express yourself freely. it does not gv the green light or excuse the behavior of acting like an animal! she is not in the streets of the bx where violence is a way of living. elevate yourself boo and get on @user level for longevity! queen crown 	NOT
@user do you get the feeling he is kissing @user behind so he can humiliate him later?	OFF
5 tips to enhance audience connection on facebook url @user social media smm url	NOT
bigg boss tamil janani won the task. she is going to first final list clapping hands  clapping hands  clapping hands  clapping hands 	NOT
conservatives - the party of low taxation  face with tears of joy  tories tory url	NOT
𝓒-𝓒𝓮𝓭𝓻𝓪𝓷..  the nord cannot make a single move, but he is fully aware of what is happening. a chill comes down his spine as a ghostly, rather. . . calm female voice called for him from a corner of the room.  before he even has time to  / attempt /  a response, +	NOT
cons too the place for fed up conservatives !!!	NOT
great awakening q a non patriots united wwg1wga are you awake  when you are awake you see clearly  red heart  orange heart  yellow heart  green heart   check out this video url url	NOT
@user nigga ware da hits at	OFF
stop kavanaugh he is liar like the rest of the gop url	OFF
days promo week of september 17th days dool  a coma does things to a gal . sami: you are going to be ok. hattie: no thanks to you.  get her out of here. before she finishes me off.  hattie pretends to be marlena.  the look on kayla face is priceless. url	NOT
biggbosstelugu2 let’s all include @user in all our tweets...he is the business head of star maa network..don’t know if he knows about biggboss team and host hurting audience emotions  biggbosstelugu2	NOT
"dallaspolicewoman kills neighbor in his own apartment? what went wrong?? see:officer who shot man in his own apartment was involved in 2017 shooting of a suspect. “she is devastated,said a dallas police officer, adds she is ""so so sorry for his family?"" url"	NOT
always smack url	NOT
breaking: after a week-long trial, a linn county jury convicted gregory davis of first-degree murder in connection with the carrie davis homicide that took place almost a year ago. url url	NOT
kavanaugh so a wild claim from 36 years ago of groping has evolved into a rape a violent sexual event by move url a soros based org. that supports blm antifa etc. unbeievable!	NOT
kzn lt enjouji really is the prototype of my character brand, he is nothing but things that i love all rolled into one horrible package and fed directly into baby me's subconscious.	NOT
silsilabadallterishtonka tag is filled with appreciation of @user only....   never watched this serial but i always wanted appreciation for aditi... she is underrated since starting of the show... she is worth of all this appreciation..  clapping hands  clapping hands  clapping hands 	NOT
be to be toforsenate be toorourke be tofortx  willie nelson laughs at conservatives who are upset with him. url	NOT
hi ac  damn matt hardy and randy orton put on one hell in a cell match!! woooo!!! i hope he is okay!!	NOT
@user school shootings aren't controversial. wanting gun control is.	NOT
"@user @user put delauro in a police lineup identifying the bag lady"" - she would be picked everytime! she has to be proof either conn voters are incompetent to vote or she is part of a vast voter fraud conspiracy! no one votes for a woman that gross!"""	OFF
@user *coffee spit* spartacus moment?  he never saw the film...	NOT
@ all family / friends , do not tell me  bad shit that your bf / gf did to you just to go right back to them!!!	OFF
christine blase y ford is your kavanaugh accuser... liberals try this every time... confirm judge kavanaugh url	OFF
@user 'fellow democrats don't want @user  eagle  united states  @user to do well.. it's not about what's best for america. it's purely politics' - dov hikind, democratic ny assemblyman url	NOT
osho quotes via @user listen to your being. it is continuously giving you hints. it is a still, small voice. it does not shout at you, that is true. and if you are a little silent you will start feeling your way. be the person you are. never try… url url	NOT
yyc @user  looking hockey players of all ages / abilities for our humboldt tribute game sunday 9 / 16. arrive 2pm, dress, participate in our opening ceremony. contact lindsay.clothier@user if you are interested! we play for them humboldt strong hockey is family go nuc ks	NOT
conservatives br exit putting britain last.  sending a chill down the spine of the uk.	NOT
gamers go follow @user on twitter and twitch he is playing with @user on black ops4 blackout please help and support them both on twitter and twitch. remember all support for support and support all streamers url	NOT
quick tip: find people already working in a company, or within the industry that you are interested in.  we know a lot of people! send us your resume to info@user or message us right now url url	NOT
liberal logic if liberals get their way..... url	NOT
ariana ases in a? is that serious?! holy shit, please your fucking assholes, don't blame someone for the death of other one. she is sad enough for today, don't you see? it isn't fault of none, he had an overdose and died. end. stop wanting someone to blame, fuckers.	OFF
@user how is she hiding her ugly personality. she is the worst.	OFF
......bitch what url	OFF
"georgetown classmate says left accuser is absolutely nuts""  url ""judge kavanaugh""@user @user @user abc cbs democrats liberals women monday motivation monday morning veterans law maga gop cnn msnbc nbc moms black women bet"""	NOT
@user @user @user are you referring to how they lollygag with gun control as their kids get slaughtered in schools?	NOT
@user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user i’m shocked to learn human traffickers had guns.  some probably illegal too.  ca needs more gun control.  but don’t worry about the actual crime.  the pic of black guns is worse.	OFF
we love seung cheol @user   i am happy and proud of the work you have done to train seventeen along with the other members. i see you and you are wonderful and incredible. i really love u ㅠㅠ  two hearts . url	NOT
chequers is a violation of democracy !!  stand up 4brexit  @user @user @user  the will of the people must be respected url	NOT
sessions tells chicago: “if you want more shootings, more death, listen to aclu, antifa, black lives matter” url	NOT
conservatives @user - you're  a clown!  url	OFF
*voice in my head while i transfer money to my credit card* “bullshit that i bought and have to pay for”	OFF
levi strauss has “never been afraid to take an unpopular stand to support a greater good.” '  what about when they shut down all manufacturing in america?  that wasn't even a news story when it happened. maybe they're right; it wasn't unpopular.  url	NOT
@user $500,000 for her wedding. clinton's always know what's best.	NOT
kids beating paraplegic trump boy!  left teach their children hate violence!  schools teachers democrats liberals walk away moms mother nea teach them young christian catholic jews evangelicals family black women black twitter blacks news media disabled maga url	OFF
0-9 : b-1, j-1, r-1, b-2, q-2, b-3, bx-3, b-4, rb-4, z-4, b-5, q-5, b-6, h-6, b-7, h-7, ut-7, b-8 (20:59:36)	NOT
ask ally i only say that i adore you and you are a great person, please take care of yourself always red heart 	NOT
"doj employee resisters"" r looking up conservatives’ license plates, home addresses, legal details in lexisnexis 2give to dem socialists / antifa-project veritas.but don't worry, no govt in history has ever made political opponent lists and oppressed them face with rolling eyes  url"	NOT
kelly mcparland: latest floor-crosser is telling truths the liberals don’t like hearing - url url	NOT
great awakening q a non patriots united wwg1wga are you awake  when you are awake you see clearly  red heart  orange heart  yellow heart  green heart   check out this video url url	NOT
boycott levis since the late 1990s, levi’s has used its name and resources to attack gun rights. in 1999, the company gave $100,000 to gun control group pax, followed by a $250,000 donation in 2000 and another $100,000 in 2001. url	NOT
are you fucking serious?   url	NOT
*gets all the bitches*	OFF
@user @user @user i got in a pretty deep debate with my friend and she told me that latinos for trump and blacks for trump were paid supporters  face with tears of joy  then i said you mean antifa are paid domestic terrorist and she said no they are  anti-fascist then i said they are the fascist are you kidding me?!	NOT
antifa: take note of how to protest with civility.   this is why socialism (aka communism) will never win. it is inherently evil and unsustainable. url	OFF
gmm roast my cat hi @user  this is fiona. she is about 10 weeks old. she falls asleep in weird places url	NOT
@user omg is he for real ?!?!!??????) this happened in peru like 40 years ago and the inti devaluated so fucking much that they had to comoletely change the coin system because our money was worthless i-	OFF
conservatism 101   it's not about our disagreements with conservatives. its that conservatives can't debate honestly, and they have no integrity. whatever gets them thru today, is all that matters to them. they're fundamentally dishonest people. url	OFF
halloween sign if you are reading this creeping up behind you wood wall decoration tmt insta cw signs  url via @user	NOT
hun i a chi week no matter what you are going through today or in the past few days, your situation is never permanent. god is going to change your life for good. trust and believe that he is able to. please, read... url	NOT
@user my only point of contention is this.  he decided to keep this group which has top end talent and also decided to hire hot trash mike mccoy. wilks hasn't even been able to get his defense to line up correctly. he is in over his head.	NOT
and yet everyone seems to lack it url	NOT
maga   expect more censorship url	NOT
and apparently i'm committed to going to a new level since i used the key.  well fuck.  curiosity killed the cat(hy)	OFF
ne need to check out a dentist and find out if she is has a perfect work record? what about a child care facility? now you can check online for all kinds of licensed professionals and it's free @ url	NOT
@user @user @user @user then why aren’t there so many shootings in virginia?  jacksonville shooter got his guns in maryland!! among the poster children for gun control!  what good did that do?!  you’re full of crap.	OFF
amnesty international: us is in violation of international human rights law by not passing stronger gun control url via @user url	NOT
@user well she is chuck schumer's cousin or niece or something so she is obviously part of the dnc conspiracy against nixon. or part of the deep state. or a zionist plot. or 'big comedy'. or whatever the hell today's conspiracy theory is.	NOT
gods praise room god keeps you even in the storms that may rock your boat - let's all submit to his will after all he is the only one who really knows the end from the beginning url	NOT
spal do is my guy.  he is my godson	NOT
antifa are bedfellows with the democratic socialists of america (dsa) who james okeefe has exposed as being inserted throughout government, attempting to bring down america  trump maga united states  deep state  url	OFF
cnn ruthlessly continues fake news onslot. where's the honest analysis? right here!  url t cot cnn nra mass shooting cnnisfakenews conservatives fake news media fake news pba fake newscnn	NOT
br exit barometer: labour fails to capitalise as conservatives fail to please; kantar: nearly two thirds of the uk believe the government is handling brexit negotations poorly.  url	NOT
@user antifa has ts level influence. it's scary.	OFF
@user i have three accounts. two quasi-anonymous, and one completely anon. and if twitter ever bans one of the quasi-anon, i'll make two anon accounts and tweet the most insane shit. i will drown twitter in bullshit. if one of those is banned, i'll make even more.	OFF
maga alert : joe biden on trump supporters: 'the dregs of society' (video) url via @user	NOT
$cerc is now boyd's 1 stock. and he is the sole holder of the stock among hedge funds we track. url	NOT
"@user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user city of chicago, democrat run with some of the strictest gun control in the nation.""   face with tears of joy  what's your point, not that bright? url"	NOT
liberals are so pathetic!  innocent until proven guilty mean much?  democrats should look at their own party if they need a rapist to hang!  kavanaugh is innocent walk away from democrats. liberal lies are straight from the pitts of hell  fire  url	OFF
trump may be many things, but he is entertaining!!!! thanks twitter url	NOT
$10 million reallocated from fema to ice. this guy gives zero shits about anyone not named trump. if you’re in the mid atlantic, get out. now. url	OFF
fort nite battle royale xbox share @user   please ban this cheating scum.  he is literally invisible url	OFF
i once read about the man who invented bulbs, he saw failure differently, it was 5000 new wayz of doing it differently..now he is a genius#	NOT
2a unfettered repeal all gun control laws. if the government can use it then the people should be able to as well. url	NOT
.. good thing it was responsible us marines..  i’m pretty sure a group of antifa members wouldn’t be running that fast in that direction to help anyone let alone elder seniors..  thank you @user ..  we salute you red exclamation mark   @user @user  @user url	NOT
ford theatre  right on cue, a gofundme acct has been set up for this person, the new liberals  mode of bribery and payoffs! @user  really should  investigate these gofundme as a  new outlet for  slush funds! comey, mccabe, str zok	NOT
christian if twitter and facebook can silence conservatives, christians we are next. once censored, the darkness takes over. help us grow in by living your faith aloud. where we go one we go all. prayer warriors, please help us grow this movement. url	NOT
6ix9ine aus den speakern, fick deine political correctness	NOT
fall fashion trending coats colors url we have what you are looking for! airdrie calgary lethbridge toronto vancouver prince george url	NOT
republicans put wallin budget..you are going to loose pres.trump followers. he is why u r there, so support him url	NOT
gmm roast my cat hi @user  this is fiona. she is about 10 weeks old. she falls asleep in weird places url	NOT
sesame street bert and ernie the conversation about this is so unattractive. the creator says he didn't create a character gay and he is being attacked.	OFF
serena williams is so full of herself...she is just as painful to watch as to listen to...	OFF
colin kaper na eck has done nothing but sit on his ass and complain. it’s time black people and die hard white liberals, who think they are down with the cause aka @user to wake the heck up or stfu! colin is not a civil rights hero or martyr. no where near it.	OFF
danganronpav3 ... here he is, claiming to be the mastermind, yet i still don’t believe him. i don’t think he’s the mastermind. there is evidence that suggests he is, but then there’s evidence that suggests he’s not...	NOT
mon bebes elca day she is beautiful url	NOT
lock him up now maga q a non @user best president ever url	NOT
@user goodbye nfl  waving hand  it was great before your players became marxists! i’ll keep nixing any sports league that displays such support of the bs ‘oppression’ narrative. goodbye nike	NOT
liberals left democrats resist resistance antifa bluewave bluewave2018 it's  ok hand  to walk away  thumbs up  grinning squinting face   united states   united states   united states  maga  united states   united states   united states    url	NOT
email marketing sales i will teach you how to create your own exclusive, online 'traffic economy' so you are never short of leads and sales again url url	NOT
. jeff sessions: ‘listen to the aclu, antifa, black lives matter’ if you want more chicago shootings  . url	OFF
amazon will ship live christmas trees to your door — but will they stay and put on the damn lights? url	OFF
@user how sweet! congratulations. once he is house broken it will get better	NOT
@user i bet she is a lot safer when she has sex now tho ? or she wouldn’t have just one but a few kids . why cant moms get dicked down too ?	OFF
i2 this speaks for itself (nsfw) url	NOT
jamey comey has been so silent these last few weeks, because he knows he's going to be indicted. 13:35  fbi doj  str zok page text messages  q a non  patriots fight  ty .@user  maga  url	NOT
supernatural tnt the man who would be king omg!  @user you are amazing! @user crowley and cas are always great together and i miss it!	NOT
*available for adoption* lincoln county, nc roger a001257 sex: male / neutered  age: 13 weeks old intake: 08 / 28 / 18 url	NOT
conservatives govt ' @user made my life hell': whistleblowers say they were threatened by regulator; i thought this govt promised to protect whistleblowers?  url	OFF
apple live keynote appleevents   url	NOT
@user zucker berg lies.	NOT
lil duval “when you know u ain’t going to work tomorrow” happy friday smile bitch living my best life red heart  hit tem with da shoulders url	NOT
antifa horst - whuuuuut?!  face with tears of joy   antifa maassen see hofer url	NOT
note to my stalker n his empire: trust me, if my penance of a life n career are true, nature will leave no stone unturned in getting you.  you will be left with nothing.  every one of you.  no matter how powerful you are.	NOT
free leah shai bu  negotiate her release! she is someone's daughter! ! @user @user	NOT
serena williams serena was caught cheating with her coach but because it's collaborative she thinks she is not a thief. in her mind the real thief is the umpire who spotted what was going on and called it out. it's like a couple of bank robbers blaming a guard for calling police	NOT
antifa ........  retweet if you can’t stop watching this...   url	NOT
100 not out thank you for following!!   large blue diamond  leicester  small blue diamond @user vote for change local elections 2019  small blue diamond  vote tory vote conservative  large blue diamond  cut crime cut red tape cut taxes cut grass  united kingdom better services lower taxes  united kingdom  blue circle 	NOT
things you should never assume when someone says she / he is okay or smile, maybe he / she doesn't wanna worry you.	NOT
repost @user with get repost ・・・ those who love you are not fooled by mistakes you have made, or by dark images you hold about yourself. they remember your beauty when you feel… url	NOT
1 nick gehlfuss stan just watched friends! and she is not going to stop tv time url	NOT
seo tips: you are the master of your own fate online, so be wise and don't expect pity. if you screw up, nobody else is to blame.	NOT
fort nite battle royale xbox share @user   please ban this cheating scum.  he is literally invisible url	OFF
maga q a non great awakening inners wwg1wga now comes the pain walk away goodbye democrats   ellison accuser says she's been sidelined by her own party url	OFF
truth i will show you how to build your own personal, online 'traffic economy' so you are never in short supply of qualified prospects and sales again url url	NOT
@user gun control? i'm wondering who was in control of all those bodies that got suicided because of you. you need to be controlled.  24 / 7 / 365 gitmo the pain is coming. maga q a non benghazi  hope they televise your demise.	NOT
antifa has a new cause url	NOT
balkan conservatives unite at family congress in moldova url	NOT
boycott nfl .@user you are dead to me. @user @user url	OFF
@user walk away from all democrats  michelle was there 8 years and we sure don't need any more bad advice from her now. we have a new sheriff in town, who's  maga.  get out and vote - all colors, all genders (aka) all americans!!! url	OFF
constitution day enforce u.s immigration laws not one set of laws for illegal aliens and one set of laws for citizens !  trump maga red nation rising  no daca url	NOT
blase y ford it’s so comical that liberals always want it both ways first women need to be treated as equals but when it comes to ford testifying they say it’s unfair to have more men asking her questions. which is it dems are women equal or should we receive special treatment?	OFF
2a gun control kills people, this is why we need concealed carry url	NOT
ted always has a feel for the most appropriate public behavior. but, often, he is unable to control himself. gop dysfunction url	OFF
follow the white rabbit q a non great awakening spy gate walk away qanon q army maga google maga poland fisa declassification dear professor ford url  dem us senator corey booker molesting a 15 year old in the 80's surfaces url	NOT
@user  stick to comedy ... you weren't that funny yo start with, but that political commentary of yours is pathetic !!!	OFF
@user holder needed to be impeached	OFF
we are broncos this little guy loves the broncos!!!! he is one of their biggest fan!!! beon9 @user url	NOT
bbc news - cleverly: there have been no cuts to the nhs james cleverly on conservatives and coalition health spending url	NOT
2011 me was cute as hell and i love that 2015 me looks like an antifa protestor (when really i was freezing cold in the hunter). and i need to dye my hair again omg i loved being a redhead. url	NOT
believe all women just when i think things can't get dumber.. this happens.. liberals probably don't realize this because they are children but this isn't equality. how about we treat women an men the same.. pretty sure that'll have better results for culture	OFF
"today the two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why."" mark twain"""	NOT
the lady bam has spoken!  red heart  she is simply the best!  folded hands medium-light skin tone  spread mary love  high-heeled shoe  woman dancing  onward url	NOT
media credentials if you are poc and had a problem with @user  please send dm me do not like this tweet	NOT
alert   a win for the progressive conservatives.   the ontario court of appeal has granted a stay of bill5,  which is to cut the number of toronto city councillors from 47 to 25.	NOT
sierra burgess is a loser  she is me when my phone dings  face with tears of joy 	OFF
@user me too are all racist!	OFF
gop still acting like the wimps they are.. what!? they haven’t yet realized that liberals will hate them regardless of their sentiments.. either republicans are just too stupid to get out of their own way or they’re just tilted to far left.. confirm kavanaugh now	OFF
serena williams is not the first mother to be on the women's tour.  she is embarrassingly entitled and a bully.  yes, that is kim clijsters winning a major a year after having a baby.   @user @user @user url	NOT
"the archers i want to be brilliant at karate so i can kick the shit out of everyone"""""	OFF
5. fed agency - hijaked with info on fed agency by extremist group secretly funded - antifa,blm,soros,cia	NOT
baldwin fund raises at k street firm working pro-bono for gun control lobby law tammy baldwin fundraiser... url url	NOT
a afia siddiqui is a convicted terrorist but she is widely hailed as the daughter of pakistan. url	NOT
dregs of society  ??? deplorable s   liberals usually dehumanize those they want to exterminate later url	OFF
al dub love and beyond when you rise in life, your friends know who you are, when you fall down, you know who your friends are..	NOT
gemini woman: if she cannot change her scene, then she is liable to change the cast.	NOT
wce to my favorite girl! hope your day is as awesome as you are! url	NOT
emmyawards2018 - ratings tank as expected.  who can possibly stand to watch so many liberals in one place at one time.	OFF
@user 'cult like' caps.  hmm where else do we see cult like caps maga   exploding head  exploding head 	NOT
eagles are setting up a workout with jeremy maclin according to @user it can't be this week though because he is still hurting.	NOT
"@user let's just be friends and have a civil discussion.""  so it's totally fine if he is told to his face that his life is sinful. but criticize him ever so lightly and that is not civil anymore, which deserves a block!"""	NOT
@user gutierrez has always been nothing more than a race baiter	OFF
disarm them antifa  give jack here a participation trophy! url	NOT
cognitive dissonance challenge 2018  this one will be painful for conservatives. proceed with caution. url	NOT
chequers crashes and burns in strasbourg along with may's hopes of clinging to power...…..her support ebbing away in the @user party, in parliament and in the country.  it is time for her to load the webley.....	NOT
john fund: kavanaugh and ford controversy – it's 1991 all over again and even some honest liberals are upset url via @user url	NOT
elitist actors nbc liberals of dems in hollywood at the emmy awards a 'toothless' nbc self-promotion onslaught peppered with me too cracks but it was planned, staged and okay because they are democrats socialist liberals of the left walk away ! url	OFF
@user kellerman knows only 1 thing more then the average man boxing! he is a brady hater. i will say rodgers is maybe a better thrower ie. dan marino but a better qb then brady. jut look at his playoff record.	NOT
dr ford  dear professor ford  is a fraud female @user group paid for and organized by george soros url	OFF
osaka says the crowd was noisy and i really didn't c what was going on. i had to focus cuz she is such a great champ and was confused when the score went to 5-3.	NOT
bluewave dump trump …give my love 2, or cooperate / compromise w / , conservatives / trump supporters who constantly vilify marginalized groups, who constantly attack women’s rights 2 make choices about their own bodies,…	OFF
.@user takes the season opener on saturday. highlights: url	NOT
@user @user @user ummmm fascism actually started with mussolini in italy and antifa is not a part of anonymous. anonymous does not censor like antifa. they are not related as anonymous is anti censorship url	NOT
night mayor 's dt cycle track can easily open antifa tennis courts inside crescent heights until we are able to trash nenshi’s communist vape shop!	OFF
"mpl spotlight: have you met stefanie? she's our newest adult services librarian. she has been putting in a lot of hours cleaning up our collections. here she is with her favorite find, a book on unique homes. if you see her, be sure to say hi!"" monro lib url"	NOT
a run jaitley step down he is most shameless fm in history of india and audacity and shamelessness with which is lies in public is disgrace to post.	OFF
canada's liberal government rejects @user recommendation that political parties comply with privacy laws after facebook  /  cambridge analytica scandal url	NOT
"will you marry me please..""  { rogue bot }"""	NOT
"conservatives £2 bn housing on-trick @user -  what a crock of shte""! @user housing crisis  url"	OFF
2 weeks of resp done and i still don't know shit my ass still on vacation mode  sleepy face 	OFF
(nab)jesus won't reject u-come to him -homeward bound towards heavens kingdom he is open door to only-	NOT
nickelodeon @user kally smash up she has an angel's baby angel heart, heart with arrow the force globe with meridians of character high voltage of a goddess heart with ribbon and its light dizzy shines shooting star as much like that of a star. glowing star she is... @user mai are fic co url	NOT
coup det at of spain in catal on a. spain is a  fake democracy @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user cddr shame on spain wake up europe @user @user url	OFF
"analysis: supporters of the people's party of canada would likely bristle at being called liberal,"" but its beliefs fit the classic definition. url @user"	NOT
barbie dreams video i saw the genius interview , thank you for loving us so much , just the way we love you barbie , you are beauty with brains  heart suit  heart suit 	NOT
justice for sonia s father @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user plz help sonia. she is in pain. why pti officials not responding her. she is also getting trouble from pmln goons. some1, plz help her. thanks	NOT
1a 2a  ok,@user , @user  this is eric holder talking about gun control. this has been pulled down 6 times now. i'm going to keep reposting it everytime it gets taken down!! url	NOT
conservatives today... url	NOT
liberals and democrats use this as their first step of food preparation ... url	NOT
liberalism is a mental disorder, but it is also a danger to our country. liberals are showing themselves to be utterly hateful. they do not care about truth, they only care about power.	OFF
florence hurricane 72 hours of sustained lethal cyclonic forces, only to a few hours to impact to  north carolina south carolina, and georgia... don't be stupid... get away from these areas... @user @user florence sep 12 12:13 pm nyc miami houston chicago nj ca la url	NOT
antifa uk labour, fb pe, su tr  pay attention!  this is what for britain is fighting against - you? url	NOT
@user he is a expert on ni now &amp; blocks anyone that challenges his views--he just wants his view heard-he has obsessive love for eu-	NOT
antifa demo in memory of killah p. greece url	NOT
@user these are all  coranated attacks from idiot loons! they will get worse much worse before the election! can u imagine idiots who want to get rid of the economy and their 401 along with interest rates just because he is not a polished politician? idiots!	OFF
@user @user awwww she is so stinking cute! how old is she now?	OFF
benghazi  haiti  uranium one  seth rich what more does the justice department need? no double standards! just because you're rich and powerful doesn't mean you can rob, seal and murder! drain the swamp  hillary for prison  vote red maga url	OFF
black eyed peas tackle gun control, social justice on new song ‘big love’: single highlights group's first album in eight years, 'masters of the sun' url url	NOT
censorship  awake yet?  ask yourself why these conservatives are being censored? walk away url	NOT
"you didnt have to beat him up like that... all he said was you are looking so delicious."" you say as you clean up his bruised knuckles. ""nobody talks to my woman that way...except me."" he pulls you on to his lap.  ""do you want me to kiss it and make it feel better?"" you tease.+ url"	NOT
join the fight    join the fight against american communists... democrats  and  liberals have taken this crap to the edge and there is no coming back. they are  openly promoting the destruction of  america.  join the fightagainstcommunism url	OFF
art artistsontwitter soul good business entrepreneur success excellence woman in business mindblowing quotes to live by “be gentle with yourself. you are a child of the universe no less than the trees and the stars; you       have a right to be here.” by max ehrmann url	NOT
icy mi: welcome anna grey barbour to our women’s volleyball team! anna is a 2018 terry sanford high school graduate. she is studying dental hygiene at our college. we’re proud to make you a trojan, anna. good luck this season! black n gold trojans  volleyball  black heart  yellow heart  url	NOT
bigg boss tamil bigg boss tamil2 biggboss2tamil intha aishwarya va kuda manichirlam ana intha ya shika  pouting face  pouting face  the biggest reason for every fight in bb house. yet our foolish people support her just because she is doing tasks. url	NOT
totally blogging - want to know how to keep your focus when you are blogging? it's easier said than done at the start so take a look at what you can do to stop quitting! url uk bloggers f bloggers b bloggers l bloggers url	NOT
@user @user has stated that any talk of zionist involvement in 9 / 11 is metaphysical masturbation because he is a disinformation agent taking advantage of people of lesser intellect. he should be ashamed of himself but he’s not because he’s zion el	OFF
update: new projections state hurricane florence may now travel down the coastline with the entire nc / sc coast possibly suffering florence's deadly storm surge greatly increasing the seriousness of the rain / wind in south carolina and surrounding areas, even possibly georgia url	NOT
"liberals are like, economics? i don't even know what gender i am."""""	NOT
kha lees i kinda watching hi ac ! wtf does she think she is, a person? pffft pathetic url	OFF
and man shrugging medium skin tone  females b on the same shit url	OFF
br exit uk labour labour conservatives plaid cymru greens politics eu url  - poll	NOT
breaking news, via nyt the new york times url	NOT
hc hottest celeb   round of 32 match 12  scarlett johansson   v.s  emma stone   poll below url	NOT
sugar daddy retweet if you are under 30 and you want 400$ daily usa,canada and uk only sugar baby needed sugar baby wanted find om sugar baby canada	NOT
declassify documents i love watching liberals like maria squirm. outnumbered	OFF
politics infocus look donald! you are only a duck, stop patronizing me! url	OFF
nature photography. nature. birds wild in wisconsin photography. pic of the day. pics friday motivation. friday feeling. insta gramer s. i hope you are having an amazing day url	NOT
caroline forbes you are needed to help with the posted sl. dm me to audition.	NOT
wcw to @user   i mean hey, she is a great friend and i am more than happy to help with missions and anything else she might need!	NOT
@user @user that would have just offbalanced him   he did exactly what was smart, basic grappling: it might have been all instinct but the antifa used basic grappling:  cross side collar to snap down, then stepping out of his weak single leg  attempt	NOT
"cancer  hate crime isn't an actual crime. if there's a victim, then it's just called crime. (malum in se)  hate"" crime is socially engineered programming to control people's behavior, just like gun control.  change my mind url"	NOT
carbon tax works and will put tons more money back into canadian pockets.  .@user  .@user  .@user .@user  part of why trudeau won in 2015 was campaigning on a national carbon tax. conservatives died then. they want another death in 2019...we will oblige. url	OFF
antonia evans was either sex trafficked or cremated.	OFF
repost thesavoyshow with get repost ・・・ mark knight says he is not a racist after drawing a racist picture of serena williams .. do y’all believe him or nah? right arrow curving down  url	NOT
@user the worrying thing is that she is teaching our young adults.	NOT
walk away democrat socialists socialists socialism resist communists antifa cult crazy insane mental illness empty headed bernie sanders venezuela 42 trillion in new taxes alexandria ocasio cortez ocasio cortez endorsement fail miss venezuala 2018 alexandria ocasio cortez url	NOT
the view stormy was in trapped by a dollar bill in her face poor pornstar but no worries the democratic party she is the leader of	OFF
proud alumnus keep up the great work, @user don't forget you are under great leadership, so take some time to soak in the skills they aim to teach. url	NOT
wildcard wednesday max drive wildcard wednesday you are on air with shine np happier  - @user ft @user  on the max drive w.@user the radio enchantress	NOT
@user he is off the deep end. this calls for an intervention	NOT
cnbc what's go talk about the gender gap in silicon valley but won't talk about the gap between conservatives and emo crats and the bias	NOT
$500 million funding competition for us cities that’s nice. ⁦@user  url	NOT
@user she is a chicom spy..... club gitmo	NOT
repost @user ・・・ we can’t forget to give props to naomi osaka!!  trophy  tennis  she played against her idol and won. in someways the win has been overshadowed, but she is so humbled in her… url	NOT
and these entertainment agencies just gonna have to be an ass about it. url	OFF
@user he is obviously getting suspended. he is not an asset for anyone	NOT
trump really, everything trump does is another piece of evidence for obstruction of justice. he is a talking crime machine.	OFF
canada - exclusive: trudeau liberals leave $372m meant to help veterans unspent since taking office url	NOT
@user @user ...than why did you show us how hot she is ?	NOT
@user @user @user you have yet to answer what *realistically enforceable* gun control law would *prevent* the tragedies without violating due process and hipaa...	NOT
disarm them? this goes to show how moronic antifa types are, because this is a good way to encourage some dumbass to rightfully get speedrocked. open carry users practice weapon retention. gun grabs will go very badly for you if you try. you will get shot, so don't do it. 2a url	OFF
maga  ... got any ideas how she could have done it? url	NOT
christine b ford liberals are desperate @user every time liberals don't get there way they cry racism or sexual assault. hard to believe	OFF
"(url you can't summarize the rankings of a game mode in just one picture"" url"	NOT
learn from it and become better instead of remaining stuck in it and become bitter. c life clearly c life thr yve about that life c life macon	NOT
kamala harris may run for president in 2020, but will never be potus. sadly, she is guaranteed a leadership role in politics, much like dianne feinstein, that’s reality in liberal california. ask nancy pelosi! chuck schumer cnn msnbc	NOT
levi strauss has “never been afraid to take an unpopular stand to support a greater good.” '  what about when they shut down all manufacturing in america?  that wasn't even a news story when it happened. maybe they're right; it wasn't unpopular.  url	NOT
repost @user is giving a word with this jacket. preach say no to fuck boys dont give your magic to muggles url	NOT
emmys sooo lovely i love the dress colour and the design looks like fairy tales and she is very tender  wind face  url	NOT
"change  i remember past administrations chant was change"".  there was no change carried the same baton and did nothing.  this potus is making the changes.  he does what he says.  so far for the better.   i like.  but swampies, liberals, lefties just hatin. don't be hatin"""	NOT
an open letter to mac miller url	NOT
cincinnati enquirer steps into gun control finally. took a mass sh hoting on their damn door step for their editors to wake up, but better late than never. url	OFF
!!!!bitch i’m fucking coming back url	OFF
liberals are reaching peak desperation to call on phillip ruddock to talk with turnbull to convince him to help with wentworth votes 18 sept 2018  @user a us pol lnp nsw pol @user  @user @user lnpmemes url	OFF
@user most of them in chicago where there is stricter gun control. it doesnt work!	NOT
$uicideboy$ on halloween its aboout to get sooooo fucking spooky	OFF
@user he does. and i'm glad he always goes out on something reckless to show who he is going out and coming back everytime! jeff is the best!!!	NOT
democrat controlled city with strict gun control laws and @user wants to blame the gop um, isn’t it you rich democrats trying to keep the blacks in poverty? walk away url	OFF
@user got to love that the people making the laws tend to know nothing about the subject they're making the law for. you should hear some of the gun control laws people try to pass here in the states.	OFF
@user @user @user @user @user same here crying face  crying face . i can't hear what she is saying	NOT
@user @user @user @user penny believes that she is so intelligent that she just knows he will.....i think she may be the smartest canadian.....ever. canadians are fun to watch. they have to get on twitter in the us to find anyone with an opinion. i like rush...and hockey	NOT
sandra oh...oh how i love that you brought your parents...they (and you) are the epitome of grace and beauty!	NOT
healing yourself is connected with healing others.	NOT
christine blase y ford needs to testify under oath before anything. the claims should be investigated as far as any of these claims can be investigated. if /  when it comes down to her word vs. kavanaugh's he should be approved as soon as possible. full stop.  maga q a non	NOT
maga @user   antifa website instructing how to hurt multiple police officers and how to cross border.  url url	NOT
national day of encouragement encouragement dare therefore encourage one another and build each other up, just as in fact you are doing!! thessalonians scripture verse to donate, go to our website(link in bio!), call 404-478-9794 or email donate@user community url	NOT
94-year-old bletchley park veteran: i helped defeat the nazis in 1941 and i'm ready to fight fascism again now url	NOT
@user walk away from catholicism it is a corrupt to the core and become a giant autocratic pedophile ring.	OFF
california patriots... especially those in ca21  obama / soros are attempting to take this house seat to get control of congress.  say no to tj cox.  he is a shill candidate fronted by the dastardly duo.  please get out and vote david valadao for house, dist 21! follow @user url	OFF
no shade note a but like if you are in community college and your parents still have to pick you up and drop you off. you need to get your life together omg	NOT
- when she takes her nigga name out her bio. url	OFF
@user exactly it’s bc slick woods has that unconventional look that she’s who she is yea she ain’t attractive to most of us but that shit don’t matter @ all lol	NOT
arrest george soros he funds domestic terrorists antifa url	OFF
interesting  has she gone through any kind of background check similar to the 6 fbi background checks that judge kavanaugh has? url	NOT
conservatives govt have run up debt in spite of austerity cuts while the rich have doubled their wealth. inequality  url via @user	OFF
crowder confronts continues to expose that the sjw bullies are paper tigers when conservatives fight back with truth and facts. dont be afraid confront with truth url	OFF
2x the fun y'all url	NOT
"... antifa comrades miss the nuance of (a lot don't, but still, people, you know):  it's not that 45 is a white nationalist,"" as that's a very specific community. it's that he uses the same white supremacist rhetoric employed by wns, which gives him dangerous company with them.."""	NOT
becky lynch is beautiful one of the few women in wrestling that absolutely need no work done at all. she's absolutely beautiful just the way she is. doesn't need giant boobs or a fake booty. @user is just simply amazing hi ac	NOT
@user @user @user gun control is nothing but people control. the left wants gun control only because they do not want us little guys armed &amp; able to defend ourselves. makes it harder to get us behind barbed-wire fences as they saw in north korea.	NOT
alert  a win for the progressive conservatives.   the ontario court of appeal has granted a stay of bill5,  which is to cut the number of toronto city councillors from 47 to 25.	NOT
$25 amazon / pp-1-ww-murder and food porn: a northwest cozy mystery 8-dianne harman-ends 10 / 2 url	NOT
wcw wce @user  it’s your special day of the week again. i really miss you and i’m looking forward to see you soon. don’t forget that i love you. i love you with all my heart because you are my heart!  red heart  url	NOT
barbie dreams video @user   i love you red heart  but i fux with you even more as roman i feel like...you are roman just actin' like nicki! smiling face with heart-eyes   dimelo papi papi!	NOT
martina navratilova: what serena williams got wrong   via @user be always really liked and respected martina and here she is the voice of reason. url	NOT
bodyguard far fetched if she is alive but not impossible. i think budd is his own worse enemy as signs of split personality, but uncertain as today's episode was all over the place!	NOT
"book reviewer meet ronaldo! he is a second-year student at the reindeer flying academy. he is on his way to breaking the speed record in the flying contest but stumbles upon a mystery that perplexes his thoughts.""  thanks @user  url   t4us mgl it url"	NOT
back to 60 one voice 1950s women 1950sborn women   @user took six years of our pensions  we all agree. we need our pensions back! url	NOT
maine you need to face facts @user doesn’t really represent you anymore as she is playing a game where she says she is undecided on kavanaugh but we all know she is going to vote to confirm him.  time to dump susan collins.	NOT
twitter. stop what you are doing right now and head over to twitch and listen to my amazing friend grendy as he plays hat of ul boyfriend. voice actor in the making! url support small streamers url	NOT
biggbosstelugu2 how many of you kaushal army cum @user fans... url	OFF
conservatives @user  'tells philip hammond' to slash taxes, (for the rich and corporations?)  and regulations - so less workers and environmental protection -  if there's a no-deal br exit | tory br exitshambles small state  url via @user	NOT
yehundinonkibaathai naina talks about educating a girl and making her responsible and also make them play sports. bang on girl!!!  hundred points  clapping hands medium-light skin tone   ps:- shoe's jealous face though face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy  she is burning rolling on the floor laughing  winking face with tongue 	NOT
1000 days of solo harry so glad that to be a fan of someone who’s trying to change the world by being kind to people, being an ally,stands up for women’s rights, donates for different causes, stands for gun control and someone who’s successful but still continues to be humble url	NOT
casting call show was fantastic!! at first i didn't think i was going to like any of the finalists' shows, but ended up loving all 3. i ultimately voted for an amazing business opportunity by anna ladd. she is so funny and i really want to hear more.	NOT
br exit shambles thursday thoughts eu news lets avoid a future of border control queues... give peas a chance @user @user url	NOT
democrats..2) we have yet to hear one of these righteous democrats 'attack and insist' that ellison resign after 'he' was accused of assault nor have we heard them call for cory 'spartacus' booker to resign after he 'admitted' to sexual assault in 1992..the 'stink' of liberals.	NOT
ob as rants   if you are in a band and you don’t do covers, you are missing out on good quality audience engagement!   look @user  with @user   link below   url url	NOT
lisa x michael kors she is sooo talented, love hr too much url	NOT
hurricane florence ... not good, she is sporting a pinhole eye while strengthening... url	NOT
1 son,  knockin it out the fuckin park...... url	OFF
@user @user @user okay and? anybody can go to eredivise and score 15+ goals. shit league. bundesliga teams are competitive in euro competitions. mexico hasn’t produced any talent like pulisic in a long time. it’s okay, maybe you guys will one day.	OFF
kalyani is a very stupid teenager. i totally despise her for the atrocities she is doing towards aunty anupriya. she blames her for her mom’s death. she should stop and listen to anupriya side of the story before she makes vile accusation   tujhsehairaabta zeetv serials	OFF
kalyani is a very stupid teenager. i totally despise her for the atrocities she is doing towards aunty anupriya. she blames her for her mom’s death. she should stop and listen to anupriya side of the story before she makes vile accusation   tujhsehairaabta zeetv serials	OFF
@user what? seems to me that's a terrorist attack probably is / antifa. still id look at who wants to get strawberries into the market before completing the form	NOT
christian america – if we go by trump’s example, where liberals support open borders, i guess conservatives support school shootings.   please explain how this makes america great again.	OFF
@user @user @user she is the most disingenuous person in the senate. if she was my senator i would hide in shame after her despicable behavior in the scotus hearings.	OFF
democrats liberals you are being threatened by armed nazis and you talk about disarmament of yourselves and of disconnection from the military lifestyle ?  you should broadcast your armory and kill skills right fucking now url	OFF
699. just wanted to tell you you should hang out with me more. i think it’ll be fun! also, lmao dick for a tongue? so people can easily suck me off. haha kidding aside, i aint want a tongue as my dick that looks hella weird.. but my choice was weird to but whatever	OFF
pari k shit solutions security incidents rarely emerge fully formed with flashing lights to alert you. see if you’re prepared by testing your skills in the following scenario. url url	NOT
@user nbc msnbc when will @user be held accountable for his inflammatory remakes calling for the leftist to fight.	NOT
@user it's a proven fact that gun control doesn't work.. look at chicago...  don't worry about others records. let's talk about  selling uranium to russia.. 400 million from russia..	NOT
boycott levi strauss  levi strauss teams up with gun control group: ‘we simply cannot stand by silently’  url	NOT
"analysis: supporters of the people's party of canada would likely bristle at being called liberal,"" but its beliefs fit the classic definition. url don pittis"""	NOT
3,000 is definitely a tad high puerto rico. how about you democrats provide proof? providing names,  locations, and next of kin shouldn’t be that hard.  i hope you don’t mind, but i will not be holding my breath. url via @user url	NOT
"pickett has individual needs but is part of the team! . he’s a bit of a loner within the family of bow truck les, feels a bit bullied, has attachment issues. he is also incredibly agile and of great value."" . teachers parents a typical @user @user url"	NOT
avalanche i'm sorry! i see you! i love you! i was an asshole! you know how we are maga	OFF
ff @user he is an alien from the future  raising hands light skin tone  alien  night with stars  url	OFF
cream puffs hollstein forever  just a quick reminder that i'm doing a giveaway for anyone attending c lexa con london. if you are interested in attending natasha's improv workshop just dm me or reply and i will put you in the draw for a free ticket. entries close midnight 30 / 09 gmt	NOT
"familiar wife jh-omg, she is crazy wj-wait!....yes, i am interested in assistant manager cha bh-you guys look like a good pair vo-are you having some""? just sit over here jh-don't do it! wj-lets live our own life. lets do it news-collision on hwy, there is congestion jh-woo-jin~ url"	OFF
"broncos hc vance joseph on phillip lindsay: he is a good football player, not only as a running back ..."""""	NOT
*17. celine swittins follback erza jullian open fol back celine swittins	NOT
restore humanity antifa • september 22: stop the fascist nvu in amsterdam: url   ht @user	NOT
bronco nation broncos broncos vs seahawks broncos country crue was excited for the win she is enjoying her cupcake go broncos url	NOT
things darthvader would never say yup , white mask privilege at it's finest. always trying to keep a black mask down black lives matter q a non antifa alex jones infowars star wars may the force be with you third shift zombies podcast radio white supremacy url	OFF
and why is my hair pink now  face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy  url	NOT
all i’m saying if we cool and you feel any type of way about me.. speak the fuck up.	OFF
c uck servative traitors are worse than fortnite players url conservatives trigger warning radio	OFF
barbara boxer if liberals want to use rape as a political tactic! they had better have some hard evidence! her word isn't evidence!!! its called hearsay . on that note, i could say ' you  ' cornered me in a bathroom, and put your hands all over me' 35 years ago. prove me wrong url	OFF
@user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user gun control doesn't stop kids and people getting murdered by guns. chicago has had gun control for decades and it has multiple shootings every week.	NOT
self care september you are making a difference! @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user url	NOT
faux progressives i’ve been done with these corrupt democrats for years now and here’s more proof!                ocasio-cortez endorses cuomo as cuomo flips off progressives url via @user @user liberals cory booker ocasio cortez	NOT
constitution day it's very odd for the alt right conservatives to say that we are ruining the constitution just because we want gun control now but they are the ones ruining the constitution getting upset because foreigners are coming to this land who are not white wanting to live	OFF
coerced intoxication is staring to be my favorite, i'm feeling the effects of it now. i feel so vulnerable forced into x coerced into x femdom find om	NOT
andrews cheer wants support from canadian coalition for firearms rights, seeking weakened gun control. cpc compromised canadians’ safety enough for these votes by diluting controls. how many lives lost before conservatives care? cdn poli  / via @user url	NOT
are we all ready to sit and watch indakurate passcott play football?	NOT
eric stall-well, democrat from cali.should worry about fixing his own state, instead of trying to muster up sympathy, for the liar, prof. hunt!  on fox news! see liberals fox is balanced, and gives both sides.	NOT
sukh dua samaj theprayinghands the sc also added that if a person surgically changes his / her sex, then he or she is entitled to her changed sex and cannot be discriminated.	NOT
florence list:  url  hurricane florence feeds ..  trump maga central va    |@user great summary of impacts by the blacksburg national weather service. the severity goes up overnight. .. va wx url |	NOT
and dicks. url	NOT
liberal logic  kavanaugh looks predatory. therefore he's guilty.  liberals are dangerous people who should not govern anyone or anything. url	OFF
ishq baa az   let her join the cast..  she is not there.. must have shot those scenes in a jiffy before going to vacay  nothing to do with groupbaazi or shi vika not being on focus  groupbaazi consists of 3 couples which is not there..  and shivika scenes toh clip mein nehi thi..	NOT
children now mixed up ..  over gender studies crap and socialism .. yeah like i did not see this one coming!  mega mb ga maga mcga conservatives patriots protect children url	NOT
lock them all up str zok mccabe caught destroying evidence before leaving the fbi!! drain the swamp drain the deep state maga  united states  red heart  url	NOT
breaking. greece: molotov cocktails fly after protest honouring killed antifa arti... url via @user url	OFF
orrin hatch i can’t believe this sexist , clueless, old fart gets to weigh in on another woman’s charges against a supreme court nominee. and he is spouting the same old nasty shit he spewed 20+ years ago against anita hill. his time’s up! good riddance neanderthal!	OFF
brett kavanaugh   .... social issues being one for justice kennedy, but there were other areas where there was growing daylight between him and conservatives, for example in the area of the administrative state, incl. the epa....	NOT
chicago is a democratic party stronghold with a highly diverse population, gun control laws and a large radical left establishment. this is obama s continental usa base and he lived there for many years.  think about this while you are horrified at the news, url	NOT
now playing arise (you are good) - william murphy on url  or  url chronicles christian radio cc radio co	NOT
30. by people disguised as good guys, wearing all black, no concern of bystanders being shot - fbi, antifa, vegas shooting	NOT
4. (part 2) didn't have to think too hard to come up with gabriel. they're a lizard themed, glitter bombing, antifa mech pilot using their superhero powers to take down corrupt logging companies. they're a buff lesbian with hearts on their uniform. literally what's not to love?	OFF
say no toshi a sunni fight i am muslim you are a muslim than why shia and sunni	NOT
anybody else wake up so tired that they put cologne on their toothbrush in the morning?	NOT
aia travel tips always monitor your luggage at the airport. do not leave your luggage unattended and do not accept unopened packages.  ---- tips travel explore aia aircraft airport caribbean destination travelling connect traveltheworld adventure adventures luggage url	NOT
always a good day when i get a new member on my site url	NOT
repost theleadersmindset • • •  round pushpin hola leaders! fire   check mark type “ready” if you are ready to follow this steps. - “ set goals, stay quiet about them, smash the shit out of them, clap for your damn… url	OFF
6 antifa attacked cops, arrested at rally in denver, media blackout  url	NOT
always down to bond over the dani minogue target pants	NOT
21st century hit:  don't cha by  the pussycat dolls feat. busta rhymes.  url	NOT
real smart answer: this is step 1 on your real smart journey! this course is only offered through ubc on behalf of the real estate council of bc by correspondence. once registered, you are all set to take our real smart course! url	NOT
vt200: @user is back at @user for the first time since the year 2000. he is on the pole for the $10,000 to win vermont 200.  updates at @user url	NOT
another one bite the dust... url	NOT
liberals  /  democrats this is what you stand for. if not, then walk away url	OFF
bee to just demonstrated how to lose an election in texas   url maga @user rkba @user dvc	OFF
and have a bitch thinking you niggas have money and you tf don’t.	OFF
*extremely* back on my bullshit. url	OFF
killshot easily shows ya why he is a a rap god all hail @user	NOT
cnn analyst to dems seeking another fbi investigation: ‘i don’t want politicians telling investigators what to do’ url sit room the lead out front ac360 npr pbsnews pbsnewshour t cot t lot maga sgp nyc boston baltimore cleveland chicago milwaukee	NOT
democrat baldwin fundraises at k street firm working pro-bono for gun control lobby  2a walk away via @user url	NOT
7 fucking years. my twitter anniversary url	OFF
dems are disgusting. they only believe women who accuse conservatives of abuse crimes. when liberals are accused, they ignore the accusations. url	OFF
np id / psa - leaving commercial | hear fdr | url	NOT
"crew is an eminence front. it's a put-on. msm falls for fake issue and props up political hack tivi sts as experts."" url t cot emoluments conservatives emoluments clause law lawyer mediawatch fake newsalert fake news media bias"""	NOT
author confession day 14: which tree is your mc's favorite?   i tried to ask lisette, and she responded with any tree that has flowers. i don't know what to do with her, she won't give me a straight answer. usually, she's not this difficult, so i suspect she is teasing me.  grinning face with sweat  revolving hearts  url	NOT
natty an playing aozora train - sish(she is so high)	NOT
christine blase y ford is only being harassed by members of the antifa the radical arm of the democratic party funded by george soros.  vote red to save america	OFF
antifa excellent idea url	NOT
iou project has demonstrated a quality whitepaper. if you are an ico-investor, i'm strongly recommend that you explore it, at any rate you will please it. ico crypto token sale url url	NOT
block twitter ads until twitter stops shadow banning conservatives.	NOT
kavanaugh confirmation hearings tuesday thoughts  the women who support k avena ugh should fill the hearing gallery. pack it full so the disruptive liberals cant get in stand in unison while kavanaugh testifies *** solidarity !  cc: @user @user	NOT
@user not sure what you guys call 'authoritarian left' does that include gun control groups or are they just the left?	NOT
 baek hyun exo x mlb 2018 f / w  @user   link url  link url  link url  link url url	NOT
"50 cent calls out joe budden's bullshit"" on instagram url url"	OFF
potus real donald trump gop lp national the democrats q a non black lives matter antifa isis davos california foxnews cnn wsj nyse wake up america maga my patriot supply  you need this... 1 / 2   url	NOT
naomi osaka folks. us open the future is here and she is so adorable just as she is talented	NOT
"@user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user city of chicago, democrat run with some of the strictest gun control in the nation.""   smirking face  all the white supremacists running for office in 2018 as republicans url via @user"	NOT
call the vote already to the democrats, this is a game. to the conservatives, it's a fight for our way of life. end the game. game over. sessions, please do your job. we should all be ashamed of what we have allowed to happen. pray like never before.	NOT
maga  .... sounds fair. url	NOT
ji yoon fact  she is a huge fan of beyonce and she wants to sing as well as her. she sang if i were a boy predebut.	NOT
conservatives you now know everything @user has is being rejected by the eu and the british people, tory mp's need to step up because she's failed on br exit and the domestic agenda may must go chuck chequers url	NOT
muskoka lakes mayoralty candidate terry ledger says she is running her mayoral campaign via social media only. we say this speaks volumes to the kind of behind-closed-doors mayor she plans to be. what do you say muskoka? give us your opinion. url	NOT
great awakening q a non patriots united wwg1wga are you awake  when you are awake you see clearly  red heart  orange heart  yellow heart  green heart   check out this video url url	NOT
@user $6 million buyout and she could easily go to cable news if that’s she path she chooses . good for her!	NOT
bb20 actually question why do people want jc to win more than angela? he has been way meaner, says the n word repeatly, makes fun of eating disorders, and sexually harasses houseguests.she is just as much as an underdog to win so dont use that excuse. bb20  tangela	OFF
new video  eggplant  peach  sweat droplets  sex toys, anyone?  url url	NOT
best way to a woman she art do not wake her up if she is napping	NOT
2018 not surprised it starts from the top!!!  karma a bitch watch!!!! url	OFF
@user be sure to send out the left's antifa thugs.	NOT
note to my stalker n his empire: remember one thing, you may own the incumbent central govt of india, but you do not own nature.  if the life i, my ancestors and parents have lived is true, nature will get you.  if you are trapping me or nature is trapping you, only time will tell!	NOT
alright let me get right with god bc mother nature is like fuck humans url	OFF
@user far tic us maybe	NOT
hillary and @ least 16 other angry democrats world war q wwg1wga maga red tsunami america first walk away truth url	OFF
code train queens rachel joined codetrain in 2017 and helped to organize the codetrain app developer bootcamp and trained as a front end developer. currently the community manager, she is an ardent advocate for digital skills for youth, especially women. keep shining, rachel! url	NOT
movie fights live @user @user your all thinking it... you know you are... url	NOT
boycott levi strauss for supporting leftist gun control orgs. url	NOT
you are my idol  because you are my idols boi's  purple heart  smiling face with heart-eyes  that'll never change...you've taught me alot and continue to teach me things that help the most difficult little and big things in my life  ok hand  baby angel  thank-you bbs!   @user url	NOT
antifa is recruiting for a designated terrorist organization url	OFF
hypocrites democrats hate america liberalism is a mental disorder everything liberals touch turns to absolute shit... url	OFF
national day of encouragement  twitter family  you’re amazing just the way you are  heart decoration  peace symbol  url	NOT
happy rm day i bought pizza and chocolates, but i did not have enough money for a cake i plan to make a tradition, buy pizza on the birthday of my loved ones .. even if we are not acquainted and will never meet, you are still a close person to mе thank you i luv u 생일 축하합니다 url	NOT
republicans put wallin budget..you are going to loose pres.trump followers. he is why u r there, so support him url	NOT
liberals are pushing a gay agenda and republicans are pushing a zionist agenda	NOT
va quita marina save the va quita @user  @user  there are less than 12 va quit as left!!!! she is extinguishing!!! please help!!! be their voice!l! url	NOT
@user @user as i have said the media and money soros with dip shit waters is creating a civil war.	OFF
liberals dept of agriculture paid $100,000 for this presenter to shoot a bio security video  a us pol lnp nsw pol springs t qld pol @user @user @user lnpmemes lnpwaste url	NOT
texas ted cruz campaign is sending people solicitations disguised as official looking county summons. elderly residents have been confused by the notice to appear. he is so skeezy.    url	OFF
success health i will show you the best way to create your own exclusive, online 'traffic economy' so you are never short of qualified prospects and sales again url url	NOT
@user @user lemme guess? gun control. didn’t anyone talk to you about this? i’m canadian and even i know this why me	NOT
@user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user i really don't care that she's married to a black man - he is just as clueless as she is about real problems that black people are facing in america today.	NOT
1 tf. he saw that shit. url	OFF
@user fake news media is the enemy of the people!  they want to control your minds by controlling what information you get and do not get.  the 1st amendment may protect elitist propaganda but it does not legitimize it or make it palatable to an engaged public. url	NOT
anyone who finds m*neta's behavior funny can fuck off and die	OFF
good morning america  tuesday motivation thank you father god the american people will begin to see the truth about our government corruption @user @user @user media corruption no redaction declassify fisa declassification completely obama hillary clinton lies leakers liberals url	OFF
"stop the bias red censorship  my account was suspended for apparently promoting hate speech"" , yet antifa terrorist organizations are actively up and running.  since your customer service refuses to reply to my emails, care to explain how this makes sense?  @user url"	NOT
be panna ah  1- bepannaah –  hands down, bepannaah tops the list because an adhiyal aditya trying to convince a ziddi zoya that she is in love with him is giving us lots of... url	NOT
@user the difference between you and i as i stated before, and this inane asinine comment have solidified is i bring facts and truth, while all you have is lies and bullshit. present a single shred of credible evidence to support a single thing you've just said. lies is all you've got.	OFF
@user damn i felt this shit. why you so loud lol	OFF
my protege, a k12 master teacher was very excited to report she is the proud owner and supporter of products made by @user @user bravo! us open	NOT
-tsk stays.... drop foto han jisung dong, please....  sad but relieved face 	NOT
10 years ago today, taylor swift released her smash hit ‘love story’. quote this tweet telling the moment you first heard the song 10 years of love story url	NOT
msnbc hardball @user bingo you are absolutely correct he cannot bring president obama down. he can’t get over how president obama humiliated him at the white house correspondents dinner and i can guarantee you that is a definite driver of his hate for president obama	OFF
"@user yes, we are supposed to believe that kavanaugh, who seemed to be a heavy drinker in high school, has perfect memory of everything he did, while she is mixed up."" blame the victim.   he has been equivocating / misrepresenting himself, but he should be believed. not! stop kavanaugh"""	NOT
cnn is fake news @user @user you wonder why your ratings suck... cnn is a joke fake news maga url	OFF
liberals lying - nothing new here claim we’re on track to meet emissions targets is false  url  a us pol lnp nsw pol springs t qld pol wa pol @user @user @user lnpmemes url	NOT
chefs, are you in need of some new pans? find what you are looking for at url we stock top brands such as beka chef, mauviel and woll.  cooking  shallow pan of food  pot of food  chef restaurants url	NOT
@user boycott the nfl particularly the @user	NOT
$b album definitely worth the fucking wait	OFF
3 days before bbc radio 2’s festival in a day, they decide to tell us that their headline act isn’t coming anymore. thanks a lot, now i’ve paid a fortune to see a tonne of acts who are shit and who are of no interest to me  expressionless face  thumbs up light skin tone 	NOT
"joe scarborough is a vile excuse for a journalist"". here he is criticizing trump yet refuses to come clean about the death of an intern in his office. stop talking about everyone else and start talking about your involvement with lori klaus ut is. @user"	OFF
@user his fans are happy. he spreads love and because of him i learned to appreciate and support the lgbtq. i love him  because he never failed to make me happy. i love him because he is harry styles and harry styles is the best.	NOT
ain’t nobody shit if you ask me... including myself.	OFF
power lessons  - there are certain testimonies that comes then rest comes and the strength of the wicked is removed. - when there is major vacuum in your life whether you are aware of it or not, its attracting the mockery.   september to remember day2 url	NOT
@user - so long jamule.	NOT
missing: imelda algiers was last seen at about 3 p.m. sunday.  she is about 5’04” tall, weighs about 110 pounds, and has white hair. it is unknown what imelda was wearing. imelda is diagnosed with alzheimer’s disease.  west bend url	NOT
my unique heritage i get my irish from my dad side of the family since my last name is irish cause i’m very proud of being irish shamrock  green heart  url	NOT
travel movies and unix fortune combined  visit salisbury, see the sights, but wherever you go there you are, the same old you, why not travel as an international spy? find yourself at the centre of a vast international conspiracy when you return home.   recall recall recall.	NOT
save shadow hunters male c forever read mansikka's latest cause she is awesome. url	NOT
@user $$$ well spent...panthers..douch	NOT
"the dregs of society""... more labelingand dehumanizing conservatives.i suggest,we, conservatives keep our ammo dry and our guns loaded..if the fascist liberal left think conservatives will go quietly into internment camps or slaughtered in the streets they need a reality check. url"	OFF
sonntag sfr h stck in deutschland! # germany  hand drawn world teapots are the perfect addition to any breakfast table...# hot beverage   bread  cucumber no matter where in the world you are!  upside-down face  pencil  globe showing europe-africa  blue heart  url	NOT
4 the many not the few we need a country that recognises everyone in society not pick the few and sod the rest like @user austeritity was only for the working class the very people you need to rely on the rich got richer off the backs of the poor dont let the tories carry on	NOT
@user killary how does stricter gun control work. looking at chicago which has some of the strictest gun control laws in the country seems to have problems with shootings nearly everyday. please explain that!	NOT
br exit is dead. not because the other eu states won't cooperate, but because the conservatives have no viable plan to keep it alive. we must have a new vote to carry on playing a central role in the eu, or be buried with brexit. url	NOT
feinstein you cant say anything truthful.  you are a loers and liar. url	OFF
boycott levi strauss levi strauss took a public stance against the second amendment and singled out pro-2a customers.  read more about levi's anti-gun initiatives here: url url	NOT
life is but epu when you have sex anytime you want but you are single	OFF
wf mmc a very talented team because you are such a prestigious project. an excellent project to promote big market projects. wf mmc ico eko long sri pup tru zman	NOT
celebrations are off in germany for the germans ..  yeah kind of expected this to happen across the western world over security fears  maga mega mb ga mcga conservatives patriots url	NOT
clinton monsanto skull and crossbones bayer big pharma roundup glyphosate gmos  '... in an age where progressives demand full transparency on all the issues that matter to them most — immigration, gay marriage, gun control and so on — hillary ... on the wrong side....'url	NOT
6, sheriff wayne ivey. cspoa? - yes, it seems he's in as well. url	NOT
c cot is one of the leading conservative hashtags. get your tweet read, add c cot! christian conservatives on twitter christians conservatives libertarians evangelicals catholics charismatics non denom i natinal spirit filled t lot t cot hannity  tea party maga trump train url	NOT
nigeria naija 9ja 'you are the most incompetent leader in nigeria’s history' – atiku blasts buhari url by championnewsng via url	OFF
now playing death cab for cutie  /  you are a tourist  /  codes and keys [@user ♫  url	NOT
emmys  well, most of those ex-crackheads are liberals and democrats; so ...	OFF
"conservatives are outraged"" because they know nothing, especially about @user url"	NOT
@user this girl is so talented and she is my best friend because you and ethan brought us together. please notice this talent. @user @user @user  please purple heart  orange heart  purple heart  orange heart  purple heart  orange heart  purple heart  orange heart  purple heart  orange heart  purple heart  orange heart  purple heart  orange heart  purple heart  orange heart  url	NOT
9 / 9 / 2018 7:00 pm temp 65.4  dew pt 51.1 barometer 29.997 inches rain 0.00 wind 1.8 mph hi 69.0 at 2:35 pm low 59.8 at 7:20 am	NOT
conservatives vote vote vote, take two friends to polls to midterms in nov. no complacency double exclamation mark  double exclamation mark  url	NOT
@user diversity only works when those joining the new group want to be a part of the team.   islam hates every non-muslim   fail  unicorns	OFF
@user [being set down makes her realize how much taller he is. again. she can't reach.]  kissss her.	NOT
"...if you want more shootings and more death, then listen to the aclu, black lives matter, or antifa. if you want public safety, then listen to the police professionals who have been studying this for 35 years."" -ag jeff sessions  url"	NOT
 /  /  so want to kick twitterfuck ass.	OFF
men fess wglc a to: @user you are the dremiest dream come true that ever was. from: me	NOT
failed dem feinstein should have quit decades ago. she is a disgrace.  feinstein blames gop after kavanaugh accuser stays mum, admits 'i can't say everything's truthful'  url	OFF
cheering the chut i yap a just because she is a woman.....lol url	NOT
@user @user @user @user @user @user really? the gop hasn't even seen the letter yet. this sham is as subtle as a banana on a pool table and you won't, cant, see it. difi throws a hail mary @ the 13th hour,  and you cry foul. at elast ford won't have antifa coming to burn her house down. dems are going down, hard.	NOT
@user @user @user fascism was also against liberals as is antifa according to your meme.	OFF
rip mac miller you are loved.  green heart  url	NOT
creag boy running around mcdonald's urgently telling other kids that he is not from the future.	NOT
english pashto though i'm not pakhtoon  english : he is a cute kid pashto: da marra khasta bacha dey	NOT
jpna2 @user @user vasay, ahmed butt, sohail sahab what a performance, loved the movie to the core, 1st pm jg now jpna2 humayun is our shaan now, fahad you are grace, class pakistan cinema in safe hands	NOT
@user fuck	OFF
.@user why keep going back to the well with charlottesville?  you realize there were good people there and bad people there, on both sides.  antifa caused quite a bit of violence and damage too.  there were people there just watching, people there against statues removed	NOT
cancers 'rising around the world' url @user @user	NOT
. a grown ass woman, probably 10 years older than me is currently spreading rumors rather than talking to me about it, nice work you got there satan  red heart 	OFF
@user someone knows how to dress! he is rocking those shoes as well.	NOT
antifa philly: keystone united exposed part 2: robert and melissa gaus url	NOT
conservatives don’t care what you post..it’s @user propaganda.. url	OFF
idiots is there nothing beneath them? lol. what fools liberals are! maga kag  united states  united states  united states  united states  united states  url	OFF
she! herb  mos adi! herb  she can discern her season she is a wise builder she is a team player she is full of fire and full of the holy spirit thanks to @user and dr chantal for such an inspiring event gem stone  thank you @user  gem stone  url	NOT
@user impeach maxine waters. the tide flows both ways.	NOT
piper the pup sends her love to everyone who might be affected by the unwelcome hurricane florence this week. she is looking forward to trying some @user (or at least the crust) when she gets to delaware. url	NOT
disarm them  antifa   good luck sweethearts url	NOT
ag jeff sessions: “listen to the aclu, antifa, black lives matter’ if you want more chicago shootings!!” @user @user  2a shall not be infringed  thank you @user  url via @user	NOT
2 /  did all the democrats just give in to a vocal minority and become socialists? i think not. i think most are in shock at what they see are confused by their own party's official rhetoric that is at odds with what hey see and experience. the antifa thugs and the true violence...	NOT
@user the kindest explanation is that he is tone-deaf.  it's hard to feel kind when he and his ilk do this repeatedly.	OFF
amazon pets etta can be tricky to photograph because of her colouring, but she is beautiful and she knows it. she is in charge, has first dibs on treats, and will shout for our attention whenever she comes in the house. she kills wild rabbits but hangs out in the hutch with ours. url	OFF
germany: what happens when you try to intimidate the wrong guy!  maga  url	NOT
sugar daddy retweet if you are under 30 and would like share memes with each other and we can talk about dumb shit. cuz baby i’m broke as shit but this love rich url	OFF
@user sam's being sam ...she is resting now it's adorable	NOT
geoffrey owens niggas don’t really understand...levels to career pursuits	OFF
friday night fun!!   with halloween events starting in just a week, we of course have to find out what events you are looking forward to most this year.   obviously, this isn't all of them. there are so many out there now. url	NOT
...what about death  metal ? i want more death metal... tell me, you hateful keebler elf, where can i have more death metal???? url	OFF
say no toshi a sunni fight on the day of judgment you will not be asked whether you are shia or sunni. you will just asked what were your deeds.	NOT
kavanaugh is a disciple of anthony kennedy, who  wrapped gift ed liberals w / 3 unconstitutional opinions! he's trump's con to con conservatives to  thinking face ing scotus is moving right! were @user smart, they'd do everything to get bk the  chequered flag . but they won't! idiots! tuesday thoughts url	OFF
america  ... tear down that wall! url t cot partisanship trump the wall border wall liberty civil society think conservatives democrats progressives liberals independent libertarians gop dnc critical thinking	OFF
1a 2a   this makes 7 times its been pulled down, @user , @user  8th time i've posted it. you pull it down,  i'll repost.  eric holder on gun control.  url	NOT
$2,000 iphone — gulp. tech reporter josh mcconnell breaks down the features and price points of apple’s new line url @user url	NOT
am i a dickhead ???? probably yes	OFF
trump maga| @user @user on elizabeth smart captor’s early release: “that time when she was in the mental hospital, unfortunately, is nearly six years that she is getting credit for, which really is bringing her out of the system much earlier.” url	NOT
spiderman ps4 is everything i expected so far. gameplay is fun and the suits to gadgets is pretty unique to use. it feels like playin a mixture of the batman arkham and uncharted series, spidey beats both of them. cant wait to keep playing more of it, thx again @user !	NOT
conservatives you cannot ride this one out double exclamation mark  united states votered2018 vote america first vote dems out america first  united states  url	NOT
conservatives join ukip vote ukip 2018. this is where we are now! url	NOT
7e91eb04 :battle id i need backup! lvl 75 celeste omega url	NOT
conservatives don't value gender equality. they value the way (they think) things have always been. they quote the bible to support men's dominion over women. that's why many republicans are justifying kavanaugh's rape of a 17 year old as normal male behavior.	NOT
60% of the world’s population will live in cities by 2030. finding solutions to help people move freely and sustainably should be a global priority. electric scooters have a key role to play. climate action air quality mobility.  read our study: url	NOT
@user she is beyond famous. she is lalisa manoban  smiling face with sunglasses  url	NOT
sukh dua samaj theprayinghands saint dr. msg insan renamed eunuchs’ society with a respectable name i.e. sukhdua samaj and connected them to the mainstream society by providing them equal opportunity for education, employment and status as third gender url	NOT
@user obvious why he is doing it quietly	NOT
(cr1tikal voice) smef my ass cheeks	OFF
ji yoon fact  she is a huge fan of beyonce and she wants to sing as well as her. she sang if i were a boy predebut.	NOT
investment leadership preparation thx @user for sharing yr infrastructure report card  and guidance at  @user url maga or watch it rust away... url	NOT
colorado: boy, 13, arrested, cuffed and dragged from school over —wait for it— me too allegations from feminist classmates   url teens feminism parenting kids c cot maga homeschool	NOT
greatest things about the 90s liberals loved @user	NOT
@user 'cause everyone knows a real leader falls into a van like a sack of potatoes.....	OFF
marketing tips list building i'm going to show you how to build your own private, online 'traffic economy' so you are never short of prospects and sales again url url	NOT
"boycott nike campaign must continue and grow  paying overseas staff $0.20 an hour is not okay because your staff is over there"".   you are exploiting poor women / men in the world.  this is more than americans can stand. url"	OFF
"conservatives poison everything they touch"" url tories conservative labour labourparty libdems ukip snp gop uk america canada europe politics ukpolitics cdn poli pnp cbc a us pol pol can social change eupol us poli  url"	NOT
preach bad company don’t you know that you are a shooting star, don’t you know  musical note  glowing star  url	NOT
@user i somewhat know how thats like. some of my best friends stopped talking to me over a gun control issue - -	NOT
bb20 i say lets flip it and have a gitls alliance! jc out then tyler since he thinks he is the mastermind! th@user ultimate blindside! three girls in the final three and kaycee for the win!	NOT
believe when you have a fat belly then you are insulin resistant and can remedy it without medicine by fasting... info is here url url	NOT
now playing march of the antifa - sickboy - shake hands with a clenched fist url	NOT
conservatives dwp ’s secret benefit deaths reviews: investigations into deaths double in two years. crimes of dwp  url via @user	NOT
emmyawards2018 let the liberals pat themselves on the back, pushing socialism while making millions pretending to be real hard working people on tv shows.	NOT
@user duck duck go!!f google!	NOT
california pushing 8 new gun control laws – the legal brief ~ video! url (via @user )	NOT
"*icymi* this is the reason fascists have been desperately trying to find anti fascists in tennessee. *this is what they don't want you to see* including all league of the south members"" organizing groups etc. share widely url"	NOT
art culture bojack horseman recap: the apology tour: episodes of bojack horseman have taken on social issues before. last season's gun control episode stands out as a shining example, and the show has always had the ability.. via url url	NOT
as i watch the kavanaugh shenanigans unfold in dc, i’m reminded of one simple truth: these people don’t care about us. the all-inclusive us. they don’t care about conservatives or progressives, people of color or otherwise, christians, women, lgbtq, none of us. (thread)	NOT
charlottes vile speech trump should've given. url t cot c ville conservatives charlottesville kkk liberty gop	NOT
conservatives left frustrated as congress passes big spending bills...  t cot url	NOT
"news jeff sessions: if you want more death, 'listen to the aclu, antifa, black lives matter'"" url cnbc"""	OFF
@user she is better than you.	NOT
happy bday pm modi one may hate him. but u should agree that he is the most hard working pm india has ever witnessed. smiling face with smiling eyes  url	NOT
"robert poet i wants an explanation"" why the auditor general of quebec is conflicted in this amf investigation! perhaps he can't read and can't follow the trail of evidence that proves she is conflicted url sad. corruption, nathalie g drouin, penny stocks"""	NOT
rimmy4antifa @user is calling for the death to the bourgeoisie, a good man @user  @user	NOT
david miliband davidmiliband flew away  in new york to be with the us liberals democrats - had to flee corbyn ists hatred of jews	OFF
anyway this game sucks :)	OFF
"do not take someone's silence as his pride, perhaps he is busy fighting with his self"". ~ ali-ibn-abitalib (r.a)  purple heart """	NOT
nintendo animal crossing smash bros ultimate  a little late... but she is just so adorable! i do love isabelle url	NOT
"now playing kierra kiki"" sheard - you are on url"	NOT
i believe blase y ford is liar she is fat ugly libreal snowflake she sold her  herself to get some cash !! from dems and iran  ! why she spoke after  john kerry iran meeting ?	OFF
charity tuesday  join with us as we take from the disabled and women over the age of 60 vote tory @user @user @user @user r4 today url	NOT
maga   dems are using false allegation of kavanaugh sexual assault as a bargaining chip against the release of classified docs by president trump.	NOT
@user i've been watching it....she is on our team now. she has some insight into this president that's for sure.	NOT
@user nfl (not for long)  grinning face  url	NOT
lidc01f18 i believe julieanna godard is a leader because of her work in many digitally driven industries. she is a leader because she has established a network of creatives as a team while influencing and promoting the businesses of many young entrepreneurs as well. @user	NOT
2a art 1a kag maga patriot our alfa warior lion roaring in wh! super hero trump  we vote  red heart  red 2be most viktorius warior ever defeating our enemy w / in! liars liberals politicians nwo congress  now our us gov in deep unity w /  djt45 by we gutsy gt intel ppl us url	NOT
conservatives do not represent all canadians.   they are authoritarian scum.   cdn poli on poli url	OFF
"ford's attorney says she's receiving death threats and has had to move her family to safety"". where's the proof that democrats antifa are not doing this to promote this circus?"""	OFF
maga kag2018 u.s. becomes eu’s top supplier of soybeans, strengthening president trump’s trade deal - url	NOT
scott gimp le ruined the walking dead and now he is doing the same to fear twd . hope the checks cash forever because he should never get another job. amc	OFF
pnp. results are not out yet for the pnp vice presidential race. those supporting damion crawford feel comfotable that he is in.	NOT
be too rourke continues attack on @user pushes for gun control @user url	NOT
another season for tom brady to give it to these niggas	OFF
wcw goes to my beautiful and sexy @user without you i would be lost, you have brought me from the dark and into the light and you are my world. love you so much. url	NOT
we love shawn because he is the reason we the whole mendes army smile everyday and just seeing him happy makes millions of us happier	NOT
,,,just giving antifa what they asked for. so what is the problem? url	NOT
chequers is chuckers. a reminder to @user @user  backhand index pointing down   eea / efta (norway) are ruled out. move to ceta+++ (canada) url	NOT
@user this is one of my favorite quotes on the internet. he is so confident that he bends maths to his will.  that's hardcore.	NOT
26. biggest accomplishment? school	NOT
"life is but epu when you are black and can say the word nigga"". feel me my niggas??? url"	OFF
emmys host michael che says that only white people thank jesus at award shows are republicans, ex crackheads ! liberals which one is the pope ~ republican or ex crackheads ? emmyawards2018 roasted 4 mocking middle america, ratings hit all-time low! url	NOT
staff pick: 'a human rights crisis': us accused of failing to protect citizens from gun violence url	NOT
ben jones, assistant director of @user at @user republican party, conservatives, and the future of capital punishment. url @user @user @user @user @user death penalty	NOT
"breaking: christine blase y ford published eight studies about abortion pill"" and works for company that produces it  url   cor cept therapeutics inc.  $cort ru486 liberals  kavanaugh v cort roe v wade kavanaughconfirmation  @user @user url"	NOT
austerity low pay tuition fees  lack of housing wages falling universal credit unaffordable rents nhs crisis crap railways empty shops br exit no deal exit from eu windrush grenfell   in just 8 short years the @user have completely fucked the uk	OFF
yehundinonkibaathai i have a special corner for people who define simplicity is the real beauty and after a long time, there is @user among so many actresses who is personifying this in true sense.   she is just so stunning naturally. red heart  two hearts  url	NOT
10 minutes in to instinct and i love it alan cummings instinct intriguing	NOT
@user those that are the loudest are afraid, justice is coming bono is a scam just like the clinton foundation pedo wood haiti url	OFF
@user @user @user @user @user look no further than chicago or baltimore as examples of strict gun control laws not being effective.	NOT
we love sergio because he is a angel and is so pure and so sweet and loves and supports us as much as we love and support him not to mention he is the dancing king in irl. love you seg  beating heart  @user url	NOT
republican devin nunes says liberals, antifa are ‘causing all of these riots’ because ‘we're winning’ - newsweek url	NOT
3 days before bbc radio 2’s festival in a day, they decide to tell us that their headline act isn’t coming anymore. thanks a lot, now i’ve paid a fortune to see a tonne of acts who are shit and who are of no interest to me  expressionless face  thumbs up light skin tone 	OFF
tyt live trump needs to go because he is a danger to the country and the world.  any way we can get rid of him is good	OFF
constitutional decay isn’t an abstraction. it manifests in every debate where words written in 1787 fall short of providing a useful or relevant framework in 2018. it’s at the root of issues as diverse as gun control, abortion, data privacy, and healthcare. for instance, 8 / 	NOT
@user david hogg, you're nobody.	OFF
@user and she is a sweetheart.  i hope she gets well soon. be patient and strong mr. capullo.	NOT
bbc bias   wa to   conservatives built more than twice as much council housing as labour, who wrecked the economy and almost bankrupted the country ! url	NOT
@user chicago's gun control is so effective it's eliminated crime completely.  not.	NOT
11:11 @user follows me!	NOT
room 25 is actually incredible, noname is the shit, always has been,  and i’m seein her in like 5 days in melbourne. life is good. have a nice day.	NOT
cnn irrationally argues 4 legalising abortion in ireland based on the murder of an infant in 1984. liberals can't think save the 8th 8th amendment 8thref c cot pj net t cot url bluewave conservatives tea party love them both don't repeal the 8th url	NOT
28, 27, 25 and 21 but like,, it’s still really miserable and unpleasant for us?? and like they even told me how they weren’t happy and would have got divorced before i was even born so i’m like cool cool i was literally born into hatred that’s awesome no wonder i’m such a fuckup	OFF
rosie rules fanclub  rosie: “never fails. no matter where i go or where mom takes me, the fan club starts to follow. mom pets and talks to all of them so they think she is pretty cool. wait til they figure out it is dad who has mints in his pockets  face with tears of joy ” url	NOT
@user @user awe cute he is cute	NOT
vaginal davis is a radical performer, educator, and artist who embraces life at the margins of multiple identities. she is an intersex “terrorist drag” queen of black creole, mexican, and german jewish roots born in los angeles, ca sometime around the 60s!	NOT
@user @user she is literally everything  clapping hands medium-light skin tone  clapping hands medium-light skin tone  clapping hands medium-light skin tone  clapping hands medium-light skin tone  clapping hands medium-light skin tone  clapping hands medium-light skin tone 	NOT
@user ah it's a she and she is called george  tiger  tiger  tiger  tiger  tiger  tiger 	NOT
my unique heritage  i have a separate family tree just for personalities, but i haven’t made it past my mom yet.	NOT
wednesday wisdom love libraries love to read share with us, what you are reading this wednesday? url	NOT
desantis=deracist, as bad a choice as he is, he “distanced” himself from the prez’s comments today questioning any deaths in puerto rico from hurricane maria @user @user what a putz	OFF
@user google is awesome	NOT
kavanaugh professor christine ford this started a story he said, she said. now it's become liberals vs conservatives url	NOT
groom haircuts : hmmn hm, nutten nuh change, but the weather..    last leg..wave cuts youth cuts straight razors snip person getting haircut  person in tuxedo dark skin tone  person in tuxedo medium-light skin tone  person in tuxedo dark skin tone  person in tuxedo medium skin tone  person getting massage  fire  fire  groom jamaica  mobile phone with arrow  7s barbershop south orange village url	NOT
0-1 lost my acca on the first fucking fight cba	OFF
@user @user i'll use that one the next time im in a gun control debate or in a debate about free speech or taxes. yes you can choose to be irresponsible or choose not to be. i argue responsible. whats wrong with that? don't justify murder by saying it was never alive or its my right.	OFF
@user @user who the hell does he think he is?	OFF
@user @user @user she is just nasty	NOT
liberalism is a mental disorder hypocrites democrats hate america democrats are dangerous everything liberals touch turns to absolute shit. url	OFF
wednesday wisdom extreme weather and road conditions make driving dangerous and stressful.  please be safe if you are effected by the hurricane flor erence safety first	NOT
...veer left by the old church...	NOT
hurrican ce florence she is on her way... pray without ceasing	NOT
antifa grueling training! goes much better in the video game. rolling on the floor laughing  url	NOT
$69.64 - best price asmodee board game, various  url	NOT
nick id ago at face with steam from nose  red heart  red heart  red heart  she is!!!	NOT
@user he is good at getting to the truth.	NOT
now playing interview with monique rochon she is starring in “pulpit secrets” on september 22 at landis theater in vineland listen at url the lounge	NOT
nba2k free agent we are looking for a 3rd member for our crew. we don’t have good records but only reason is due to having random teammates. hmu if you are interested. 86 pure slasher pg and a 85 pure sharp sg.	NOT
shu gurr giveaway here is craig, he is wearing a swag party hat. thank you shugurr for being such an inspiration to me and helping me realize i love art. you're the best!	NOT
"hollywood liberals have been threatening this since reagan, bush, w. bush and now trump. but none of you have made the move. empty threats michael moore says he'll move to canada if new film leads to trouble"" url"	NOT
88% of these niggas have podcasts and youtube channels dedicated to this and shit ain’t getting solved so url	OFF
*smexy was at the beach in a long chair asleep with a cigarette and wine in his hands* open rp	NOT
@user he is only pandering to the hrc crowd, blm, and antifa. yeah, that’s really who texas needs in office. god bless texas! voterednov6	NOT
anytime i randomly bust out laughing it’s because i remembered some dumb shit albria said  loudly crying face  loudly crying face 	OFF
climat change ticks conservatives off. it is hard on their belief system. a rain of toadstools or locusts, no problem. this much actual rain, unbelievable. good article full of quotes. it's not my words. url via @user url	NOT
@user @user  face with tears of joy  you do not like the jewish people because you all claims they are holding all the money. sound familiar? your left wing libtard  family is the family of the kkk. you do not hate jews? that’s funny. gun control; even funnier. good luck	OFF
maga  read: george conway calls out donald trump’s ‘ceaseless, shameless, and witless prevarication on virtually all topics’ url via @user      @user	NOT
@user @user there she is	NOT
5k bitches  party popper  blue heart 	OFF
liberals always up to dirty tricks to get their way.  backhand index pointing down  backhand index pointing down  url	OFF
conservatives are more upset about bert en ernie being gay than having a sexual predator in the @user a hooker as @user and a rapist as supreme court justice	OFF
antifa protest in athens for the 5 years after the murder of pavlos fyssas by golden dawn.  their voters are complicit to their crimes. killah p url	OFF
i am being abused. sit here, wait here, may be we will change your future, you are not going to get a ticket, but we were evaluating it. date, 11.09.18. what i was writing on when my account was disabled by instagram. the whole text is in comment field. url	NOT
kavanaugh  john fund: kavanaugh and ford controversy – it's 1991 all over again and even some honest liberals are upset   url	NOT
@user gun control takes guns out of law abiding citizens that’s it	NOT
antifa resist.. trump is trying to bring world peace, not obstruct like the democrats..  is this good for you also? or haters gonna hate? url	NOT
@user @user she is an advocate and model for natural beauty.	NOT
maga kavanaugh confirmation hearings postponing votes well lets do the same open the hush fund books now url	NOT
tick tock if she is not formally charged for mishandling sensitive material we will have no choice but to release proof that she is guilty of high treason against the united states for selling patented military secrets to the saudi arabian government. url	NOT
back the blue.  jeff sessions: ‘listen to the aclu, antifa, black lives matter’ if you want more chicago shootings url via @user	NOT
conservatives just like old garbage bags blowing in the wind, here's an old garbage bag now... url	OFF
tip of the day if you are giving coffee as a gift  /  part of a gift, make sure to ask for an airtight container or valve-sealed bag. the tin-ties are cute but won't preserve the coffee past a week.  join our mailing list for more tips, facts, and coffee news url url	NOT
arizona tennessee  alaska sc  as soon as these rinos (aka liberals) are up for reelection vote them out!   drain the swamp  collision  url	NOT
affirmative action to affirmative hate. alt left wants law prof fired for pointing out poor performance of unqualified admits. url t cot conservatives law lawyers lawdean lawprof upenn alt left higher ed aba higher education academic twitter	NOT
lisa x michael kors  she is soo beautifull	NOT
breaking its official! @user music video for gt fo has just reached 2 million views on youtube and she is still 1 on the us itunes music video charts! keep streaming lambs  butterfly  url	NOT
vijay mallya case @user you are usually good credible anchor but i heard you interpreting malliyas statement on your s and others too he said i met and talk of settlement only while you said maliya said he is leaving for london please contact in on live tv	NOT
aurora il kane cty please keep looking for and sharing this sweetheart named rosey.  she is a little white and tan chihuahua that is terribly missed.  if you see her call 630-360-7325 right away! url	NOT
bakersfield is why we need gun control! sorry for the victims other than the gunman himself i hope he rots in hell!	OFF
believe i'm going to teach you ways to create your own exclusive, online 'traffic economy' so you are never in short supply of qualified prospects and sales again url url	NOT
"trump is going to visit victims of hurricane florence. antifa is planning a rally. in the meantime, they will party. boats and bros""  anti fascist maga kag wwg1wga great awakening q a non q army florence aftermath florence nc north carolina url"	NOT
denver's venues are stacked with epic shows this fall  musical notes  maple leaf  we have put together a fall music guide on url   to help you pick all the shows you are going to hit this season - check it out! url	NOT
sunday fun day  beaming face with smiling eyes  ok hand medium-light skin tone  go check out my girl thecanncierge because she takes bomb photos and drops a hell of a lot of cannabis knowledge! she is the canncierge after all  winking face  i’m just a pot stock… url	NOT
4chan is hunting antifa url via @user	NOT
honour sacrifice boycott match i hope d human rights rats r happy!hope sidhu is happy!  i hope d liberals r happy! let’s play cricket wth thm let’s thank thm 4 wht they r doing 2our soldiers let’s celebrate our impotence funny a piddly little nation like pak is taking us 4 a ride	OFF
women wednesday: meet multiple-award-winning designer @user bfa 82. she is the in-demand @user grad is behind @user recent redesign: url    lacava, centre, is pictured with classmates at concordia in 1981. cu alumni url	NOT
confirm kavanaugh  check mark button  kavanaugh scotus potus45 president trump america first magakag  prohibited anti trump liberal activist accuser  ford makes accusation but  not willing to be subject 2 b question? suffer the consequence of filing a false charge lock her up  url	OFF
anal stimulation url	NOT
resist traitors caught on video breaking our laws to further their communist socialism ways and slow down the trump agenda. they are the dc chapter of democrat socialists of america. forget antifa, that is a distraction from the real resistance. maga  url	OFF
nueva foto de perfil pic by: @user  you are awesome! url	NOT
serena williams making that 0-2 start to this 1st set look like ancient history with how she is  playing now..us open	NOT
wce is the love of my life, she is the best thing that has ever happened to me she's not only my girlfriend but she's also my best friend i know you had alot of heart breaks baby but i won't break your heart. @user p.s yes i cropped r-truth out.  face with tears of joy  url	NOT
celebrities bekah martinez is pregnant! the bachelor star expecting first child with boyfriend grayston: bekah martinez has a whole new reality — she is going to be a mom! the bachelor contestant, 23, .. via url url url	NOT
great awakening q a non patriots united wwg1wga are you awake  when you are awake you see clearly  red heart  orange heart  yellow heart  green heart   check out this video url url	NOT
florence looks like she is getting ready to explode. notice the eye starting to reappear. url	NOT
alex jones be smokin be dicks out here but mans really got supporters out here  face with tears of joy 	NOT
bb naija when we told u she is a child of grace we meant it we are busy no time to famz anybody team ceec url	NOT
christine blase y ford was grinding kavanaugh at a party almost 40yrs ago.....you gotta love the age, of this ridiculous me too movement   just swear kavanaugh in already and get this over with, before liberals have an anxiety attack like 11 / 8 / 16 url	OFF
choose cruz  let ca and ny  have the liberals  dont ca my texas url	NOT
*109. celine swittins follback erza jullian open fol back celine swittins	NOT
cory booker is not a hero, he is an american traitor and should be treated as such. arrest, prosecute, and  carry out sentence. kavanaugh confirmation url via @user	OFF
conservatives thanks to tory doctrinaire policies we are all going back in time and losing hard one benefits and prosperity. go forward with our eu partners url	NOT
100 round goon bitch is you kiddin me rolling on the floor laughing 	OFF
hurricane florence is producing up to 40in of rain. please be safe. url	NOT
@user @user @user scott gottlieb doesn’t know what’s an opiod and what’s not. he’s definitely not an expert on anything. however he is a expert at reading bank statements and counting money.	NOT
angels now have 6 runs. five of them have come courtesy mike trout homers. trout connects on a 3-2 pitch with runners on second and third	NOT
california leads the way in gun safety. url	NOT
communist news network's rented lips @user why are you never ever seen protesting and demanding gun control on the streets of chicago?    liberals hate america url	NOT
@user   this blow hard was going to push this for his votes. bad enough his names on it, it will always be the tappanzee  bridge to us nyrs who had no say in it. i hope they investigate why this was going to be opened and risk lives and no one knew it wasn't ready. pile of poo  url	NOT
patriots united patriots effecting change patriot maga trump trumpssuperelites the storm great awakening worldwide q a non wwg1wga   law abiding citizens. we have a right to defend ourselves. fight fire  fire  with fire  fire   antifa article shows us how. read  backhand index pointing down  url	NOT
sunday shoutouts to @user because.... because she is amazing and has my boundless support and endless appreciation for her support in return, it's just a loop of love and respect… url	NOT
@user more bs = more barry soe toro bullshit	OFF
tyt live omg how can a latino faith based woman think that trump is christian.  wow, he is the poster child for immorality and hating latinos	OFF
2a. the stuff some of these people say amazes me. they do not get we already have gun control. take a look at what happens to all the people arrested on gun charges each weekend in chicago. most of them are given a slap on the wrist. nra url	NOT
conservatives are always revolting url	NOT
@user @user @user @user @user @user that's not what i said. the vast majority of us leftists support gun control. but it's not inherently a left wing policy. many revolutionary socialists and anarchists don't support aggressive gun control because they believe the working class should be armed for self-defense.	NOT
democrats and liberals accuse brett kavanaugh and have no proof!! meanwhile they supported ted kennedy in his run for @user and called him the lion of the senate and he killed a woman. wednesday wisdom news trump url	NOT
@user google as a fellow goggler i must say election night 2016 was one of the greatest nights of my life! watching libs and hillary supporters especially media still has me laughing! you alls pain and tears brought me great joy! thank you	NOT
best potus ever love my president maga brilliant winning master negotiator @user thank you! url	NOT
@user carrey is a pervert himself!	OFF
angel dad: if lawmakers really cared about citizens, they would secure the border url via @user url	NOT
an american tail really is one of the most underrated animations ever ever ever. fuck i cried in this scene	NOT
@user nigga are you stupid your trash dont play with him play with your bitch  face with tears of joy 	OFF
no one ask me but here's my opinion offset keeping this beef up between card ib and @user he know cardi slow and believe everything he says.. she is his meal ticket. i just think offset need to sit his ugly ass down.	OFF
icy mi - liberals' favorite myth that obama was a law professor is now destroyed?! url	OFF
joyful glitzyo uniqueblessedmom life url	NOT
have your say: if you live in garston, jane wants to hear your views on the location of a new community police station. she is proposing to open a new accessible community base in the south liverpool nhs treatment centre on church road. what do you think?  url url	NOT
seek the lord while you can find him  call on him now while he is near  isaiah 55:6  god waiting for you to come into his kingdom  jesus is calling to give you new life  repentance for forgiveness salvation from sin satan europa africa us pray trust god believe	NOT
repost @user with get repost ・・・ happy 34th to the one and only prince harry, the duke of sussex.  clinking glasses  he is such a grounded, compassionate guy, taking after his mother, and i’m… url	NOT
"@user is as complete of a person as i've ever met. i don't know what will happen after pro football, but he can do a lot of special things in life. he is what you want a duke football player to be, no if, ands or buts about it,"" @user url"	NOT
spending. don't speed all of your money. if you are not saving atlest 15%  of what you earn,  start today.  look at your income and expenses, find out where you can start to cut back and get 15% you save.	NOT
jenelle wants the world to know she is in a bikini. oh, and to pray for nc.  unamused face  url	NOT
@user to demonstrate how wholly incapable of carrying a thought to its logical conclusion she is?	OFF
ugly is the new pretty  purple heart  purple heart  purple heart  don't let ppl tell you how to look or how to be! the ultimate power is projecting yourself and laughing at the projections of others you are an actor in the play of life its just a ride what are you so afraid of? thinking face  url	NOT
@user maga who cares about the farm.  he had no reason to commit murder. end of story.	NOT
@user @user @user @user go with @user jeans. i've been wearing wranglers over 25 yrs now. ever since i found levis contributed  heavily to gun control groups &amp; gun grabbing politicians back in the 1990s.	NOT
feels good girl @user @user  you should be proud at her she is amazing in gambit url	NOT
@user i guess that’s where swamp ass originated	NOT
maga q a non great awakening inners wwg1wga now comes the pain walk away goodbye democrats   mccabe and strzok caught destroying evidence during final days at fbi; “huber is running a grand jury” url	NOT
conservatives aren’t afraid of anita hill redux: they know power matters more than truth: republicans aren’t worried the kavanaugh hearing will backfire, because in 2018 the facts almost don’t matter url news gop trump liars post truth s oct us	NOT
br exit deal has been reached with eu?!  hold onto your hats!  hard br exit br exitdeal chequers deal chuck chequers mb ga mega mcga maga conservatives patriots may out may must go url	NOT
*a reminder that david harcourt's 1972 classic everyone wants to be fuehrer: a history of national socialism in australia and new zealand is avail as a pdf: antifa a us pol fck nzs url	NOT
@user @user titty.	NOT
*soc oc dom manapun, up for a plot? foto hanya penanda faceclaim. url	NOT
texas  wake up! a socialist is mesmerizing the weak-minded in your state!  you are **texas** for crying out loud!  of all the places that embody the american spirit of individual freedom, texas is the standard bearer  make a damn stand for your great senator @user  save texas url	NOT
pastrami city i'm so sad that i hadn't found sky sooner now he is doing music which is still amazing	NOT
wcw my zamalek.zamo!mapholoba!she was my first friend in uni upto today she is still my muntu!i love you pholobs! 8 years strong! @user    red heart  red heart  red heart  url	NOT
proud fathers with rtg he  /  she is on the way cnt wait...hope god will mke it hppn.....	NOT
"@user ...and how very irrelevant.   but if they didn't find weed, they would have dug up an 8th grade picture of him wearing a hoodie and talk about what a thug"" he is."""	NOT
chequers is dead. d.e.a.d. time to move on. super canada has been offered and we should take it.  time for the @user to face the fact, retire mrs may and appoint a new leader, probably @user	NOT
a us pol flawed though they were in many ways as individuals , our  labor pms have always battled on and achieved a lot for the nation. recently, apart from gun control, what have the lnp actually done  for  the nation??  go on, make a list. url	NOT
and she has a pet??? fucking disgusting url	OFF
maga  breaking news:  the dnc stole their playbook from george costanza on seinfeld.  now at least we know what we're up against.  dnc rule 1:  it's not a lie, if you believe it.  watch: url	NOT
"liberal hypocrisy taco bell when liberals ask why your against illegal immigration? taco bell employee: no habla ingles!"" url"	OFF
5 years ago antifa rapper pavlos fyssas surrounded by  fascists of the golden dawn party in keratsini, athens, and stabbed to death.   five years later we do not forget we do not forgive  url url	NOT
"college football  2021 6'7 285 dt / ol gallatin, tn url ""just turned 15 yrs old aug 1st 2018"" ""above average movement"" ""he is a dog"" sec pac12 big12 big10 url"	NOT
@user @user then we agree. common ground.  and i don't like the bushes.  particularly hw.  url	NOT
black ink crew chi lily they don’t hate you....you hate you. you are your own worst enemy cause you let your anger get in the way i legit feel like shes one of the kids i work with at my job	OFF
justice for sonia s father  mr usman buzdar sb! please respond to sonia iqbal daughter of pti counsellor from okara whose father was killed during elections by nawaz league killers. she is saying she will commit suicide in front of media. where is justice?	OFF
.@user ‘listen to the aclu, antifa, black lives matter’ if you want more chicago shootings url via @user  sessions	NOT
@user (((ruth porat))) another coincidence? these are not good people.  and now people like her are shapping the narrative by censoring search results  pouting face 	NOT
@user - worst potus.  ever!	OFF
conservatives have no genetic ability to understand hypocrisy or irony. right wing ideology gets ya all twisted in knots. on poli  ontario  party of yesteryear  @user  fraud nation url	OFF
(6) he got angry with me for stating i had checked the drawer and that i don’t see why he is making the argument that it could still be my fault in this particular instance. oh really	NOT
aldub165thweeksary  face blowing a kiss  @user @user @user @user @user @user @user @user  be thankful for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow.	NOT
o it nb. she is the worst public defender. trailing her pen uner the words.	OFF
trademark attorney daniela paull will be in paris next week attending the 32nd annual @user conference - do get in touch if you are also attending and would like to set up a meeting url ip	NOT
time travel thursday max drive time travel thursday you are on air with shine np home with you  - @user  on the max drive w.@user the  radio enchantress	NOT
and never regretted it .. not even during our hardest times !! url	NOT
the view both am jean i don't believe amy guy ger she is a lying pos! i live near a police station..i hope and pray a cop doesn't bust up in my house thinking it's his / hers and kills me..my god..we / people of color are police prey..we're always in police cross-hairs..no matter what	OFF
antifa, september 22: stop the fascist nvu in amsterdam! url	OFF
because of tories we have the lowest youth unemployment since records began  clapping hands medium-light skin tone   url	NOT
and that’s why you were at nyfw cause your such a class act.. getcho wack ass outta here url	OFF
maga kavanaugh drain the deep state @user   i'd like to see @user interviewed again. in his book all out war he laid out a lot that is happening today. ✓dc secret resistance society ✓antifa ✓ a white house meeting. be interesting to hear him 2 yrs after bk. url	NOT
sandra oh is dressed like the queen she is tonight! we salute you, you canadian goddess! let's hope you win for killing eve. emmy awards url	NOT
@user wwe considers raw the bigger show and having ronda later in the ppv shows she is a bigger nane	NOT
greatest things about the 90s liberals weren’t unhinged	OFF
stay on your path health quote if you are wishing to loose fat, get back your wellbeing and slow down or reverse the aging process then check this super powerful natural method url url	NOT
something is about to happen and here goes his bottle on the floor, with water dripping from it.  she just snapped as he was trying to cool her down. she is pissed at something for sure.  stay tuned.	NOT
fake news like @user and @user will gloss over this today thanks to the christine blase y ford circus act. confirm judge kavanaugh now so we can get back to triggering liberals by talking about @user ‘s success.  raising hands light skin tone  url	NOT
"capitalism may be undermined by the displacement of menial laborers by a i   should conservatives therefore inoculate themselves against knee-jerk reactionism against the notion of the living wage""?  economics marxism marx robotics communism socialism socialismkills"""	NOT
california tries new tack on gun violence : bullet control - the new york times activist ⁦@user ⁦@user ⁦@user ⁦@user ⁦@user  url	NOT
eminem he could've gone harder but he didn't have to reason  why he is the rapgod he is one of the best lyricist in the game. lot of people talk smack about him because they will never be him.  @user url	NOT
conservatives we mus pray for liberals. they trooly kno knot watt they do. i was brot up socialist democrat, by my wonderful, but, ignorant parents. i served inda military. i learnd i can serve christ, too. eye reel -eyesed conservativism was more closely aligned w god.	OFF
deplorable dreg of society says she is joe biden’s girlfriend. lol maga red tidal wave onward dregs url	NOT
disarm them antifa please no one be stupid enough to do this. most of us do not open carry, most of us carry concealed. anyone stupid enough to do this, that is considered an act of aggression and you will be shot we also carry more than one weapon. we shoot to kill, not maim.	OFF
@user * puerto rico is destroyed; more than 3,000 die * trump visits, and throws paper rolls at people * 11 months later, puerto rico is still waiting for help * trump says everything is fine, and his visit was a great success   thinking face 	OFF
be to o'rourke talks gun control at houston campaign events url via @user	NOT
all these sick ass ppl from school gave me something and now i have to chug down this nasty drink so it can go away upside-down face 	OFF
anyone want to bet it costs more than that $50k election referendum? url	NOT
conservatives are going to make hay out of trudeau’s answer but the truth is there’s criminals everywhere and people who will commit heinous acts of violence. whether they’re from syria and have brownskin or are white canadian born it’s tragic all around. url	NOT
..while reading this, i feel like i am hearing cardi b's voice rapping. face with tears of joy  url	NOT
conservatives are dumber than dogshit is the central point of my tweet	OFF
season 2 scary er while we are on the subject do you condemn antifa and those who take soros money? url	NOT
charlotte could see anywhere from 6 to 10” of rainfall from hurricane florence (florence nc).   florence is nothing to mess around with, she is a very powerful and life-threatening major hurricane, bringing a lot... url	NOT
@user rosie makes me nauseous! face vomiting  url	OFF
femi nazis are liberals so me too only counts when they blame a non-liberal man. bizarro  kag2018  red heart  united states  url	OFF
conservatives don't like liberals, because the definition of liberty is different for both, for the conservatives freedom means the freedom to obstruct impede and prevent progress in human rights civil rights and society in general. to the liberals freedom comes with	NOT
@user watch ielts liz .. she is amazing	NOT
br exit deal has been reached - and will be unveiled at special summit in november, has @user sold out the uk to the eu??? she better have not or the @user are finished!! @user url	OFF
black eyed peas tackle gun control, social justice on new song ‘big love’ url url	NOT
@user google appears to be a completely testosterone-free work environment.  soy boys  fairyland  hurricane florence	NOT
wednesday motivation when you are a startup entrepreneur | boss and you and you want to salute all the other start-up entrepreneurs doing their thing. especially ones who lack the true insight in doing tasks that need to be done because of the law url	NOT
crazy redhead in very angry at the orange cheeto  who claims to be our president .  she will never accept it.  denying all the lives lost in puerto rico? he is a monster #… url	OFF
@user @user bull crap. you know she doesn't care.  she is trying to get attention for her presidential run.  do you see any other senator giving nonsense?  nope.	NOT
congratulations erika ikizake who won a 7-day marta pass courtesy of marta and campus services! keep following us for more prizes. stay tuned the state way go panthers  @user @user url	NOT
hurrican ce florence god bless president donald j trump . thank you for your service you are a saint.  the haters are going to hate but keep up the great work.	NOT
europa league song the eu, cash your remaining chips in and p*ss off  thumbs up  you've played all your cards and liberals in the u.s too.  brexiteers and trump takes it all so be nice eh and life'll be better for everyone.  url	OFF
69. he managed it... url	NOT
@user   god help us all	NOT
@user hillary clinton talking about gun control. i'm sure this thread will be full of well-reasoned and data driven responses.    oh.  well.  maybe not.	NOT
democrat last ditch effort to stop kavanaugh confirmation and to smear his good name liberals trying to protect abortions crying face  boycott 36 url	NOT
$1500 for a phone. you all are fucking dumb.	OFF
kendall jenner looks amazing!!! who cares if she is nude! not everyone likes nudity for sexual desire. some like it for the artistry in it. me @user every woman on the planet has the same parts. she is just comfortable with hers. you got this	NOT
scorpio's are sure to be committed partners. keep them satisfied in bed and you are all set.	NOT
wisdom wellness i will teach you the right way to build your own private, online 'traffic economy' so you are never short of prospects and sales again url url	NOT
8 months and she is standing, talking , and climbing now ! url	NOT
creepy porn president  i want this trending until he is out of office url	NOT
how to get people out of your home  tell them that you're a vampire...then threaten to eat them if they don't get their asses out.  *shrugs*  what?  problem?	OFF
@user fact: he lost the popular vote fact: he and the gop have gone their own way and ignored democrats conclusion: he never spoke for all america and he is the gop and the gop is trumpism.  maga live with it	NOT
@user @user @user i'm mexican by the way and i support the gun control already in place if it means people like you don't ever touch a gun.what you are saying has nothing to do with this.	NOT
kavanaugh the moment blase y ford is exposed as a fraud, expect a new accuser to surface. liberals are a one trick pony. liberalism is a mental disorder	OFF
0-8 en taller : s-2, m-5, bx-6 (20:59:35)	NOT
hi ac: why is it this match too with becky vs charlotte kinda sucky so far? they are taking shots back and forth and stumbling around like a drunk version of final fantasy or something.	NOT
@user gul bukhari is gul bukhari bcoz she is her own! iron lady! more power to you  oncoming fist  thumbs up  ok hand 	NOT
aparently my computer doesn't want to operate at the moment. so i will upload the episodes  individually.  sorry for the inconvenience.	NOT
"christine blase y ford  /  democrats condemn conservatives for having made up their minds""  while at the same time ""having made up their minds"" to condemn kavanaugh without question and to vote no on kavanaugh before the hearings url"	NOT
@user i see your point but the school shootings are extremely controversial with bickering over gun control vs gun rights. just that the nike controversy is the current one	NOT
nuns protest sad nobody supporting the “sisters” the “mother superior” of christian community...is it so difficult to stand by the victim whether she is nun or ordinary victim	NOT
9) pornhub, the thoughtful people they are, are taking suggestions of more category of underserved communities and they are      	NOT
@user @user i agree with you. read the first paragraph and struggled to get past the condescension. she is a lawyer with an educated opinion. there are other lawyers with differing educated opinions.	NOT
b cog @user she is cool, confident, cocky, and she kicks ass!!! @user @user @user url	OFF
proud fathers with rtg bafethu i love how good y'all look with your kids, i hope you are supportive to them and their moms... im truly inspired to be the best father once im a father (if i ever become one)	NOT
(p2) because hussain a.s message  is not for only the muslims he is for the entire  humanity . really great message for the entire world . url	NOT
chequers plan what an absolute farce brexit is. the conservatives have no idea at all and may is now totally discredited. time for an election for the many	NOT
@user oh fuck off  face with tears of joy  face with tears of joy 	OFF
life is but epu when your friends dont know you are using their pics as memes on twitter... url	NOT
the nun movie was just as scary as i thought it would be  flushed face  clearly the critics don't think she is terrifyingly creepy. i like how it ties in with the conjuring series.	NOT
breaking news:  trump issues a statement about christine blasey ford.  see it now!  visit url bluewave 2018 blue tsunami 2018 maga democrats liberals scotus @user crypto url	NOT
liberal hypocrisy criminal democrat evidence ellison liberals hypocrites keith ellison domestic violence accuser says democratic party doesn't believe her story  url	OFF
wot d - isaiah 58:11 “the lord will guide you continually, giving you water when you are dry and restoring your strength. you will be like a well-watered garden, like an ever-flowing… url	NOT
"great awakening  q a non resist impeach trump mueller muellertime  liberals who liked / retweeted my post and don't know what exculpatory"" means. lol. it's a testament to their lack of interest in details.  thanks guys!! url"	NOT
"trump:  i'd be a real good witness! john dowd:  ""you are not a good witness.  mr. president, i'm afraid i just can't help you!""   the day following those remarks, attorney dowd quit!  everybody... url"	NOT
repost @user with get repost ・・・ motto “pr is in your car!” (or wherever you are) do you aspire break into the entertainment industry or start your own pr business? do you need… url	NOT
democrat party of domestic terrorists fascist antifa femi nazi   don't just walk away run! url	OFF
@user if he is im getting turnt with the holo keef regardless	NOT
.@user talks about @user vy vx cloud connect now offering secure and reliable connectivity to @user direct connect via @user @user  url url	NOT
a us pol  i don't know why he is still in his job. seriously. url	OFF
maga tell me one good thing trump has done as president. i dare you! he is the worst president in history.	OFF
100 days of code  day 10: react and redux with @user montreal url	NOT
chequers is a violation of democracy !!  stand up 4brexit  @user @user @user  the will of the people must be respected url	NOT
ars young jae day happy birthday choi youngjae  loudly crying face  loudly crying face  loudly crying face  with vocals of a god and a contagious laughter, he is the most beautiful man!!! i could never feel sad whenever i see an img of him or just a snippet of him in a video, he always brightens my day. the last img is me when i saw url	NOT
? tickets for ht afc's away match against watford fc will go on sale to supporters with 270+ priority points on monday 2… url	NOT
@user u put a privileged nfl player in ur ad for 30th anniv that has sacrificed nothing he is still rich &amp;  has his life. tom burnett a passenger on doom flight 93 told his wife we can do it. he &amp; others sacrificed everything! gave their life to save others! that is everything	NOT
confirm kavan ugh now, stall tactics are dc cronies only recourse. no more delays.  vote red to end this madness and to maga	OFF
@user @user @user @user beats the hell nj out of me lol. dude already made the assumption that i'm antifa. he even ignored all the evidence to make that assumption.	OFF
stop etc he co par? fuck you all  middle finger  middle finger  middle finger  middle finger  middle finger  que florezcan mil baby etchecopar  sunflower  sunflower  sunflower 	OFF
antifa invaded a memorial in recognition of kate steinle in austin, texas, and tried to comfort him it looked like when it was struggling, but has returned to the southern district of new york, is recused from the michael cohen raid, trump has my full support. moving on .	NOT
@user laws are for the law abiding citizens. we have the second amendment. we don’t need more gun control. criminals don’t care they will use guns until the end of time! figure out how to stop them from using guns!	NOT
on air now jon bellion - he is the same url 1rsi dance url	NOT
immigration public charge rule has been law for 109 years u.s social safety net was designed to support u.s citizens not to finance foreigners lives in he u.s  trump maga . url via @user	NOT
florence list:  url  hurricane florence feeds ..  trump maga central va    | @user ..close-up view..excessive rainfall outlook for today through 8 a.m. monday. purple areas are in the highest risk. va wx nc wx nrv rke url |	NOT
"feckless i encourage liberals and democrats not to waste a lot of time expending the energy on trying to convince a trump voter. we don’t need them. we’re the majority."" url via @user"	NOT
antifa are mentally unstable cowards, pretending to be relevant. url	OFF
emmys2018 sanda ho is not asia america she is canadian this description was on @user	NOT
we love sergio because he is the sweetest guy ever! he loves us so much and i'm so happy to be his fan! url	NOT
@user @user i'm in nc. thursday's i work at a nursing home doing hair. around 10:15 i heard all of the tv's do the alert. then afterwards, tests on a few tv's. i went to lunch and at 11:50, one was on the radio. it was so strange. i keep saying that, but it was unusual	NOT
"i'am so sleepy.. { bot cuddles up to  you }  { rogue bot }"""	NOT
@user @user and browning looked like dog shit against the same fcs school. what’s your point?	OFF
wcw - @user does it again with her live coverage and youtube videos for texture on the runway! she is the official natural hair media company of nyc, emmy award winner and so fierce!… url	NOT
ct riders hope you are enjoying your friday! if you're looking for a way to enjoy this nice weather this weekend, september is read a new book month and there is nothing like reading a new book on a patio with a nice cup of coffee :) anyone ready anything interesting this month? url	NOT
1) wow, safe sex! that's hot! we love a butch top who also receives! url	NOT
"...antifa men"" get themselves riled up before a big anti trump rally by playing the theme song from the wonder woman movie on repeat. or was it power  high voltage rangers?!  thinking face  url"	NOT
brett kavanaugh   ... but anyway, there is the matter of a replacement for justice kennedy here, but the bigger one is of conservatives fortifying the scotus majority for decades to come against libs who are no longer hiding desire to directly attack the bill of rights....	NOT
all two of them taste like ass. url	OFF
team 4thebeez please share this pup did nothing except his owner died and he was dumped 2die at shelter he is in grief for his owner and terrified in noisy shelter please no kill shelter nation is what we need but lets find this poor pup a heroes 2 animals url	NOT
despicable dems lie again about rifles. dem distorted the law to push gun-control at kavanaugh confirmation url via @user	OFF
meet the speakers  raising hands  @user will present in our event oiw 2018: finpact - global impact through financial technologies. she is senior advisor group sustainable finance and worked on green energy and climate risk. join us to meet thina url oiw2018 url	NOT
3 people just unfollowed me for talking about merlin sorry y'all im still up covinsky's ass im just waiting for a psisly sequel announcement ive run out of witty and funny tweets about tatbilb i am drained	OFF
wednesday wisdom antifa calls the right fascist when, in all reality, they and the left are following the same scenario as the third reich: indoctrination of our youth, trying to control minorities and a total lack of understanding or knowledge of history.  walk away	NOT
kavanaugh typical liberals , democrats url	NOT
